Novorossiysk, Krasnodar Territory
fortress Yeni-Kale Crimea the city of Kerch September 2021
Beautiful Black Palekh Playing Cards from Russia
Red Star version of Russia Federation's flag
Читайте Важно! Вакцины содержат яды, опасные для жизни и здоровья вещества ! Новые доказательства, документы, ссылки, статьи Угроза национальной безопасности!
is cbse or icse better which is better for future.
VODKA WITH PEPPER!
can i ship to russia?
The first ever naval maneuvers of Russia and ASEAN began in Indonesia. The training will take place in the North Sumatra region for three days. On the Russian side, the large anti-submarine ship of the Pacific Fleet "Admiral Panteleev" will take part in the exercises.
Amazing deep fake Bot
dertyuio
Ukraine on top
Putin: Biden right to run for reelection in 2024
Я хочу представить вам 11 минут будущего мультфильма, сделанного независимой студией "АнимАрс"/I want to introduce you a first 11 minutes of future cartoon made by independent studio "AnimArs":
World Sticker Organisation
Russia President : We are dealing with inflation problems as well, GDP grew 4.6 percent this year from Jan to Sept.. unemployment rate in Sept fell to 4.3 percent - labor market in RU has fully recovered. 'I have been frightened by China since 2000.' We will develop relations with CN as we see fit.
S-400, AK-203 rifles: Russian President Vladimir Putin on a power-packed visit to India today | 10 points
Totoro against the background of St. Basil's Cathedral. Photo: Kristina Makeeva
India-Russia summit and the “Friendship Constant”
Хром - Самый ТВЕРДЫЙ МЕТАЛЛ НА ЗЕМЛЕ!
Winter Palace made in minecraft (i hope this isn't considered off-topic)
Russian Air Force MiG-31 flying over Kamchatka Peninsula
Ceiling of the Moscow metro station "Novoperedelkino". Photo: olesya_cookie
The usual level of snow in winter on the road in Chukotka
Russian Santa Claus (Ded Moroz) lives in Veliky Ustyug (Vologda Oblast).
Joe Biden and his administration report for the first year of the presidency
The Amur tiger is the permanent symbol of Vladivostok since 1881. This fabulous feline is even depicted on the city’s emblem
Phenomenal knowledge about modern Russia is found now in r/WorldNews. We've already finished eating the hedgehogs and started eating the frogs
Vorkuta, today, at 1 pm. And polar night has not yet come. Photo: Vorkuta1
Yesterday's snow-covered Moscow before workers began to clear the streets of snow.
Japanese billionaire Yusaku Maezawa launches to the ISS on a 12-day mission this morning on a Russian Soyuz spacecraft emblazoned with Japanese flag and an 'MZ' logo for Maezawa's name
Russia announced plans to expand the Moscow metro, this is what it will look like in 2030
Russia entered the top 10 global exporters of chocolate, ahead of Switzerland in export earnings over the past 12 months and ranked tenth. Russian chocolate is exported to 92 countries. The main buyers are China and the EAEU countries.
New Year trees on Red Square. Photo: Photo: lovi4to
Cities of USSR - Sverdlovsk (1970)
Bridge in Zaryadye Park in Moscow near the Kremlin. This bridge offers a very beautiful view of the river and the city.
Yesterday evening on Tverskaya street (Moscow). Photo: lana46I
Russian author Leo Tolstoy at his country estate of Yasnaya Polyana. The first colour portrait in Russia, taken by Sergey Prokudin-Gorskii. 23 May, 1908 [2,167 × 3,000]
On this day 65 years ago, the USSR national team won the Olympics in Melbourne. On December 8, 1956, in the final our team beat the Yugoslavian national team with a score of 1:0, the goal was scored by Anatoly llyin. This was the first Olympic gold for the team🏅
Осенний лес. Калининград (19.11.2021)
Dr. Leonid Ivanovich Rogozov performing an appendectomy on himself during the sixth Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1961. He was the only doctor around when he developed appendicitis, then starring in a famous case of self-surgery that turned out to be successful.
question
EU leaders warn Russia of ‘massive consequences’ in case of aggression against Ukraine
Hello, I am from America, I need help deciphering this paper of my grandpa.
A Complicated Question from American to the well-read and historically knowledgable Russians in the subreddit.
вернем пингвинов Мадагаскара, спасибо
Influential American scholar explains why NATO expansion continues to be of such paramount concern to Russia.
Where can I find tutors and coaches around the St. Petersburg area?
Helmet of Tsar Mikhail Fedorovich Romanov. 1621. Craftsman Nikita Davydov. Steel, gold, precious stones, pearls, silk; forging, carving, gold notching, enamel.
Soviet musical adaptation of the novel "The Three Musketeers" by Dumas. Lots of good music, songs, great actors. Masterpiece classic.
Is it true, that you like that russia wants to eat ukraine. War isnt acceptable.
You Were The Chosen one! Russian Democracy vs "American """Democracy""" ...
You Were The Chosen one! Russian Democracy vs "American """Democracy""" ...
Anti-Russian content on Reddit lately
Saturday Afternoon-Forest
Children's skeletons from the World War II, found the other day by builders in the town of Bolkhov, Oryol Region, near the place where a Nazi concentration camp was located. Now this case is being dealt with by the Investigative Committee of Russia.
Yakutia - Oymyakon Village - Pole of Cold.
The U.S. has no vital interest at stake in Ukraine, says the VP for Research and Policy at the Charles Koch Institute.
Thoughts?
Income Distribution Among Neighbourhoods/Districts in St. Petersburg
So as we PREDICTABLY invaded Ukraine today, which new city are you moving to ?
My Favourite Song
Can you eat smetana as if it's regular yogurt?
russian public parties for children are something else
Help with name of tv Show
Husky sledding - Moscow
Content of Health economics
Kolomna Kremlin, December 2021. Photo: svetosh_13
Content of Financial turn of events
Content of Youngster discipline
Content of Apple Macbook Air Laptop
Kolomna is one of the coziest towns in the Moscow region. Photo: svetosh_13
Content of Nutrition and pregnancy
Content of Truth Nutrition Fermented Vegan BCAA Powder- 2:1:1 Ratio All Natural Branched Chain Amino Acids for Energy
Content of Greater India
Content of Monetary innovation
Content of Emergency communication system
Content of Visualizing Nutrition
Content of Hydrogen vehicle
I like Sergiev Posad so much!