If anyone needs a tattoo
Pour one out for all my fellow anteaters who are still awake when the good old daily symptom check goes out
Reletting for the summer
Dear ACC WiFi
Class location
Recommended GE course list
how hard is LPS 91?
Math 2a
Spotted ! He’s at UTC right now , be carefull everyone https://www.reddit.com/r/UCI/comments/r91ofk/watch_out_hide_your_kids_this_creeping_ken_is_out/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
Creeps at UCI be like
ENGR 190W
Writing 39B teacher
How is CS 153 with Eli ?
public health 1
PSYCH 14M vs. I&amp;C SCI 31
Should I get a C in Physics 3A or take the class again in hopes for an A?
Transferring from UCSC to UCI
Can i play games at esports center?
Planning to attend UCI next for graduate school. How to prepare?
Stressed about finals?
FUCK
Y’all have got to draw the line somewhere 😭 a CLOSET?!?! and you gotta pay for the cleaners they want too 💀
To the redditor who was surprised about paying rent for a closet: I present my room.
They heard our cries
Kind of bummed the hoodies are blue this time. Pretty much wear blue jeans exclusively and with this my transformation into a blueberry will be complete.
*PSA* - Y’all PLEASE be safe &amp; report Sexual Assault. There’s many resources available. This should NEVER be acceptable behavior.
: - (
I did my last undergrad final today 🥳
swag man is granting everyone a good finals week
Procrastinating on final paper
to the guy who was eating at chick fil a by himself about 30 mins ago
I'm a UCI grad fostering 2 bunnies that really need forever homes. Pls msg me if interested in adopting.
Canvas still down after 4 hours
why hasn’t he been caught yet….
Final’s Nightmare
Finished my first final this morning 3 finals to go!!!
Can someone transcribe the (ex?) president's letter?
To the guy who was listening to the Sonic ‘06 while working out at the ARC today…I love your taste and wish you well in your fitness goals 👍
Canvas is down. I repeat Canvas is down (photo included)
Canvas is down and we are rushing around materials for final🤯
Webreg
Got less than a 1.5 gpa this quarter as a CS student
The president of ASUCI be like
Drama 15: PERFORMANCE NOW with REYNOLDS, B.
How is Econ 122A with Diaz Avendano
Good club sports to join?
Degreeworks not updated
How do I join ICS 31 as an Aerospace Major with a CS minor on Webreg?
LOR
Are Grades on WebReg Permanent?
We’re not going online again
nursing students
No final grade?
Do uci sell diploma covers?
Is the arc open during break?
Does vdc check parking during break?
Econ 15A with Chernyshoff
Chances of getting into UCI Nursing?
No water at VDCN?
When UCB calls themselves number one in California.
Does anybody know where can I get a beats headphone repaired?
Bio Majors, how does Omicron stack up to delta and original variant?
Anyone free on Christmas?
Changing housing and meal plan if going fully online
ACC housing renewal
Has anyone taken tennis private lessons thru the ARC before? If so, do you recommend it? Thanks!
Booster
acc lease if fully online
My opinion on new CO-VID related decisions.
Where do we upload our booster to the Health Portal ?
Will physics 3a labs be online for the first 2 weeks?
Math 2B
Transfer Housing
well Fall quarter was fun while it lasted……
friends/socializing
Sociology 1 with Miric
Professor inputted wrong grade for one of my classes
Prolegomenon-to-a-Grand-Unified-Theory
We got one quarter in person ffs
Merry Christmas!🎁🎄