Question regarding vaccination
Inglorious Bombers. The Story of Two Suspects in the Sheremet Case - and the Whole Criminal System. Part 1 - Заборона
Serving Ukraine
From the top of Mount Petros, with Hoverla in the background
Sweden &amp; Ukraine
Congratulations from the bottom of my heart and with boundless gratitude on the International Volunteer Day to all acquaintances and strangers as well, who dedicated their lives to helping others, who are guardian angels of our military and an example for all of us, how to be real PEOPLE!!!💙💛💙💛
Threading and waxing salon near me | Family Hair &amp; Beauty Salon
Ukraine’s Defence Minister urges military support from Canada, U.S. and Britain - even if it’s outside NATO
The World Karate Federation has updated the world ranking, in which 6 representatives of the Ukrainian national team are in the TOP-10
🇺🇦 A real combat medic, who pulled the wounded from the battlefield, also a boxer - Anna Fedorchuk "Puma" she is 26 years old, Shepetivka, she is in the army - from 19.
What is the purpose of the inconsistencies between the multiple citizenship bills currently before the Rada concerning territorial origin?
Nightlife in Kyiv?
Ukrainian company signs €136.5 million contract with French shipbuilder
Your point of view
A little satirical comedy to help lighten the mood.
Is diborja a Ukrainian word, meaning to your health, or to a good life? For toasting.
Ok Ik this is prob a waste of time…. But does anyone know the best way to get weed in Kiev? Going over from Ireland haha was gonna just ask ppl at bars
Is it a good idea to visit this month?
Ukraine FM: Canada is ready to cooperate with Ukraine to deter Russia from its further aggressive actions. "If Russia sees that the West is serious about the current situation and ready for decisive action, they will think twice before resorting to any military adventures," Kuleba said.
Керівництво правлячої Австрійської народної партії одноголосно обрало міністра внутрішніх справ Карла Негаммера новим лідером партії, а отже він стане наступним федеральним канцлером. Негаммер як міністр внутрішніх справ був захисником жорсткої політики Курца щодо імміграції.
Propaganda &lt; funny twitter account
Taiwan responses to ukrainian Twitter meme that has gone viral.
Rant about Americans response to ukraine news
Rare photo of the volunteer sniper unit "Brakonery" right from the frontline. Glory to them for defending our land for almost 8 years now.
Mods, let's be a little more active, okay? We're on the cusp of an invasion by a Fascist neighbour, and part of their tactic is psyops in our communities.
Мемчики пішли
Biden National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan on what US will do to defend Ukraine: "Things that we did not do in 2014 we are prepared to do now."
Down with authoritarianism, long live democracy
A little bit of distraction from all the war related posts. My summer vacation/roadtrip in Ukraine.
I’m a blind self-tought guitarist from Macedonia. Check out my guitar cover of Хэй, соколы. I’d be happy to hear what you guys think 🍻
Let's theoretically say, war breaks out again and someone from another nation wanted to volunteer to fight for ukraine.
Russia Fleeing the Crimea, 1856
Russians, Get Out From Ukraine, 1962
Ukraine warns of a 'bloody massacre' and five million refugees fleeing into Europe if Russia invades
Funny excerpt from the book "The Chechen Struggle: Independence Won and Lost"
Germany has given Ukraine a document on Russia's annexation of the Kyiv metropolitanate
Ukraine ranked 25th in global military power in 2021.
Ukrainian armed forces destroys Russian occupation gang formations #UkrainiansWillResist
Ukraine Twitter posted this
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi (Akkerman) fortress. Built in 13th-14th centuries, it is the largest ancient fortress in Ukraine and a spectacular landmark for tourists from all over the globe.
Flights from U.S to KBP via Amsterdam
You will say that this is photoshop, but then there was no photoshop
And I remind you that the Wall project at the Ukrainian-Russian cordon will be completed by 2025
Deadliest Desert of Ukraine. Motorcycle Travel #3
December 18, 1892 - Mykola Kulish, a Ukrainian writer, was born. In 1937, by order of a special troika of the NKVD, he was shot in the Sandarmokh tract.
Should Ukraine be admitted to NATO?
Probably taking a job offer in Kyiv. I have some questions &amp; would like to hear from locals please .
«BBC по-українськи»: чому Суспільному мовленню постійно бракує грошей?
The UN General Assembly approved the resolution of Russia on the fight against the glorification of Nazism. Only two countries opposed it: the United States and Ukraine.
У Вифлиємі нині новина (колядка)
What's a good ride hailing app?
Is this a real bank or a scam?
🇺🇦🕯The name of a soldier of the Armed Forces of Ukraine who died in the environmental protection zone on December 16 has become known. This is 30-year-old Stanislav Zaporozhets. He served in the 74th Separate Reconnaissance Battalion and was killed by a sniper from the Russian occupation forces. 🇺🇦🕯
The Spiritual Space Of Rus Vs. NATO
The time for messing around is gone. Now it is time for Украина 🇺🇦 to hold her ground. #ResistAndBite
Who is the most known active Ukrainian athlete?
Mudding in Kharkiv with a T-64BV tank
Current club/nightlife situation in Kyiv?
The first Ukrainian made product I’ve bought, it did not let me down!
Do Ukrainian people generally know who Stepan Bandera is?
I've seen this talking point quite often from Russians, i know it's mostly a lie but where does this notion come from?
russian guy here
Beautiful drone video of the left bank of Kyiv
Azov Battalion
Love Ukraine
Canadian wanting to spend January in Lviv - is this a terrible idea?
Ah yes, the ЦУМ stop
UA defense Instagram made this funny post haha!! Looks like Javelins are affective against Russias anti missile/drone tank shields.
unidentified person threw a bottle of flammable liquid into the fence of the Consulate General of the Russian Federation in Lviv
Visiting my grandmother as a surprise - Did I miss anything? any tips?
Що то за предиво (колядка)
What is your age? (the poll is completely anonymous, we're growing fast in the last few months, so let's find what is the average age in our community?)
Good morning Kyiv!
Scams in Ukraine. Scams can happen to you in any country. I want to share with you what can happen in Ukraine
"Winter Uzhgorod". Artist J. Dulenko. ''Зимовий Ужгород''Художник Я. Дуленко.
We both shared the same fate: one because of Serbs and the other because of Russians.
On the Ukraine frontline: 'only the dead aren't afraid'
Wholesome Ukrainization / Лагідна Українізація
How to buy Ukraine
Do these people live in another reality?