Work Bank Investing In Ukraine And The Installation Of Alternative Energy Systems.
Spain vs Switzerland 3-1 full match
Tests(1-10) with answers in English/ Check your knowledge
Busting illegal cryptocurrency mining is now a major task for many countries with an unregulated cryptocurrency industry. Ukraine Confiscates 150 Crypto Mining Rigs, Shutting the Crypto Farm...
Travelling to Ukraine around mid-July. Looking for suggestions on things to do, visit, etc..
Є величезні ризики для роботи НБУ і для всієї України — Гонтарева про звільнення в Нацбанку
How to Claim free airdrops Monet HODL Coin 100 MNT on Trust wallet
CAN ANYONE GIVE INFO ABOUT THIS FESTIVAL? WAVE.SPOT
Hypothetically, what if Ukraine got divided into 2 different countries from western and eastern parts. Obviously one is Ukrainian speaking, another one Russian speaking. Is there any chance that the latter won’t turn into totally corrupt dictatorship state? And what about the western counterpart?
The Rada Recognizing The Crimean Tatars, Establishes Legal Guarantees And Fundamental Freedoms.
Why Ukraine tries to have greater coat of arms?
Куди підуть гроші на святкування Дня Незалежності?
5 July - Liberation Day of Kramatorsk and Slovyansk
Найбільш український з усіх українських коміксів. «Максим Оса» Ігоря Баранька - український Шерлок Голмс з люлькою та шаблюкою
Армія Порошенка. Хто такі щирі порохоботи та заради чого вони йдуть у Фейсбук-баталії
Посольство США у Києві може очолити Джордж Кент, він свідчив проти Луценка і Джуліані — ЗМІ
Apple has opened an official representative office in Ukraine
My jersey already arrived to México ❤️❤️❤️ Thanks Ukraine's National Team
Another video of an attack by an armed group in the city center. After the attack on the recording studio "baza" titushkas (among them were Russians and Belarusians) made another attack near the building Security Service of Ukraine
European friends of Putin get high positions in Russian state companies. Kneissl, Schröder, Fillon.
Dear Ukrainian people. What do you like and dislike about your compatriots? Is there something in your people's mentality you wish would change?
We lack Ukranian responders to an international brie survey onAutistic portrayal on film and TV (Worldwide survey on opinions)
Що там в Раді?
Interview for and about Ukraine by Lithuanian president Nauseda (April 6, 2021)
Long Term Parking In the city center Kyiv
Рівер Стоун Київ (Residential Complex)
"Gifts to the Front." Belarusian bloger Kastus gathered help for UA army.A set of accessories for a quadcopter worth 350 euros was delivered to the front. Bresser binoculars and DJI Mavic 2 Zoom quadcopter purchased and being prepared for transfer to the front (EUR 1,500)
UIA increases the number of flights to Azerbaijan
Traveling to europe
Зєля з Бєнєй розкрадають третину ВВП
Hope this is allowed: I made a mashup of Mad Max Fury Road and the Urainian Eurovision entry, SHUM
Ukrainians and rental cars
Our Expectations for You Were Low, But Holy F...
привіт, я американець, чи хтось знає, де я можу взяти траву чи шискі? DM any information please!
Kam'yana Mohyla - a bad idea to visit?
Travel Question
Military service law
For a foreigner, is speaking Russian a plus or a minus when coming to Ukraine?
The Earth Is Blue As an Orange review – subtle doc tells Ukrainian family’s war story | Movies
Монобільшість без Зеленського: що змінять для України вибори у Молдові
Anyone going to ArtBat in Lviv tonight?
What's Wegrzeliska hill called in Ukranian?
Lockheed Martin offers Ukraine F-16 fighter jets
Landing in NSC Olimpiyskiy in Microsoft Flight Simulator 2020
Ukraine Macedonian strategic partnership in NATO RCC and CEFTA
1st TB2 Drone Delivered to Ukrainian Navy | Turkish Bayraktar TB2 UAV
Roads of Ukraine
Bayraktar TB2 drones flying in Mykolaiv Oblast. Love the bird design!
Renting GAZ Chaika in Kyiv
Can anyone help me find information on Ukrainian folkloric figures and demonology?
Are Ukrainian women in general more closed about personal subjects as a cultural thing or this is more the way my friend is and doesn’t actually tends to be tendency?
Economic Losses From Russian Occupied Crimea Amounts To $135 Billion – Study Shows
Why does we lack a ministry of Industry? Our exports degrading to raw materials is not good.
19.7.1650 - Turkish Sultan Osman-aga concluded a military alliance with Bohdan Khmelnytsky in Chyhyryn
Any other expats in Ukraine on here?
Ayder Muzhdabaev:: "NS2 outweighed MH17"
The Nyeman R-10, A Reconnaissance, And Light Bomber Aircraft Developed As The Kharkiv KhAI-5 In The Mid-1930s.
Hello r/ukraine, I hope y'all are having a great day
Culture question
Ukraine takes a big step towards judicial reform
MY LOVE FOR THE GREATEST COUNTRY
Car rental in Kamianets - any hints ?
Hi. I have my flight departing from Odessa on 24th July. Can someone please suggest a place to get PCR test where the results are available within 24 hours?
Olena Teliha Poetess Born On Today's Date
Kyiv Boryspil - are Bribes a thing?
Sometimes winter in Ukraine looks too unrealistic.. The 2nd photo, obviously, photoshopped (but still decent shot).
Can you study in Ukraine with a Work Visa?
Why did we ban VK? (VKontatke)
One of the many Hidden Statues around DC; Taras Shevchenko.
SBU CI detains Russian military intelligence agent in Cherkasy region. The SBU operatives established that a resident of Cherkasy region was recruited by the Russian special service on the territory of Russia.
What's up with utility prices in Ukraine?
Go_A - Dancing Lasha Tumbai (Verka Serduchka cover) #EDM #DnB #Ethno
Is this last name Ukrainian?
What's a vacation in Ukraine without driving past golden fields and blue skies...❤️
Russians are still terrified of our flags
Translation
"We didn't vote for Putin, Do not touch the car! :)" Kyiv Oblast. (not my photo)
The Witcher Medley: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt + The Witcher Netflix series (season 1) Songs
Question
Where do you see Ukraine in the next 15 years?