WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING
To make her feel threatened
Dirty Southern Wankers
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝
We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit
Aww... she'll probably come around eventually, I'm sure she was just jealous of [NAME]... I mean, what woman wouldn't be! lol 
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.
Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match
Thank you friend
Fucking coward.
I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid
I miss them being alive
Super, thanks
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit
Ok, then what the actual fuck is your plan?
Happy to be able to help.
Famous for his 3-4 Defense
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives
aw, thanks! I appreciate that! 
Thanks! I love watching him every week
I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.
It's crazy how far Photoshop has come. Underwater bridges?!! NEVER!!!
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.
It's true though. He either gets no shirt and freezes to death or wears a stupid looking butchers cape. I hope he gets something better next season
You can always kneel.
Very interesting. Thx
This isn't really wholesome
Thanks DB, I'll see if I can find the book
LOL. Super cute!
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.
Awesome. Thanks!
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!
Good for #70 to console the poor guy
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.
Awesome! I’m a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.
What a wonderful world
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.
Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.
true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)
my brain hurts...
Thank you for at least doing something good sir.
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed. 
Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.
Pay you for what, just standing there? Done.
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul
okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse
You just make her sound awesome.
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever
Your team lacks ethics.
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?
I appreciate his deadpan humour.
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!
The fuck is “mog?!”
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]
We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.
You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies
"Three words, no subtlety. ""Dude. Stop. Seriously."" "
"[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG ""Fuck this character fuck this stupid game"" king. "
I KILL YOU SCUM
Tournament was a blast met some really cool people loved it all. Thanks for holding it. Would love to do it again someday
Yeah, I am! I'll private message you a link to my profile. Thank you.
youre a disgusting piece of filth.
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins
Kinda. And thank you. I'm curious about those files and film and fotos you mentioned.
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.
Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11
Absolutely. I'd love it. No matter how much I like the guy, if he just goes for it that's not cool.
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.
Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here
Colts Offense is laughable right now
Lol so petty, I kinda love it. I probably wouldn’t actually do that but it’s tempting.
Lmao Stole my joke! 😂
Welcome to the party pal!
Is this a [NAME] reference. I feel like it is.
Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.
[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]
I adore this comment section <3
You got it, thanks!
Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.
"He may have, I was more worried about the ""running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""."
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards
good luck buddy
Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.
Oh wow. Yeah I’m very new, only about 8 hours gameplay
"*""Success is the best revenge.""* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there."
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.
I always just say “thank you” because it’s a nice thought 🤷‍♀️
[NAME]
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... 
I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift
I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful. 
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. 
wow so almost every sub has grown a lot in 7 months. Also 8.3k!! what!? that's insane
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.
Such a nice photo of city hall.
That's the kind of problem a physical therapist is more qualified to handle. Good luck
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.
Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.
I had no idea what the fuck this was about. Found the ad and watched it. It's actually decent.
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now. 
I mean, your account is a day old, so I think you’ll be okay.
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.
Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation
I wanted to see him show out over Kemba.
They look absolutely PERFECT together. I hope its that way in real life too. So happy for ya [NAME]!!!
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.
Lol, get em Corsi! 
Sounds nice owo
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.
Get him boys!
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.
We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is 
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc
I really like this photo.
"Lmao the cop stops like *""Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way""*"
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it
Yes he is a hard worker for sure. Just wish he could get his shot back on track.
Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". "
Thank you SO much! This is so genuine and so helpful. Thank you so much for your time and your thoughts.
Tis nothing but a scratch
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(
Thats great! Just curious, what game? 
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)
Ah, thank you
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG
The rest areas and truck stops are booming!
It makes us more determined to tank for Zion
 I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟
I love it! A smile from a stranger has really turned my day around, so I always hope I can possibly do the same! 
Ah, victory 
They don't seem to care much. Al qaida or ahrar al sham makes little difference anyway.
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty
"""[NAME], meet [NAME]"" love that show"
Please never don't not reproduce.
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source. 
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard
They hated him, because he told them the truth
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol
I’ve seen 62 to 8 in 12 hours up north. Weather is crazy stuff.
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.
It's kinda funny when it's told to you
But even then it would need something else to live
I like it!
Thank you, needed to hear this today! 
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together. 
Now THAT is a murder by words!
"> When did I ever mention native genocide? How do you think the land was ""stolen""? The residents were killed."
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3 
you might be more of an optimist than me. hopefully you're right
Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.
[NAME] has to lose it a some point, just hope it's not tonight.
I feel awful posting it, but I couldn’t not share :|
The sin was refusing to impregnate his brother's widow when [NAME] directly told him to. It's not just about wasting semen.
Cheers to you on your cake day.
Ahh gotcha - thanks :)
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D
Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining
Damn thats so cheap
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.
Good for [NAME]. He deserves it.
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.
Omg so glad I’m not alone
Yeah no haha. Out of my price range tbh
Congrats, still waiting on getting called for an interview for another internal position. Applying around Christmas HR is so fucking slow.
She's ugly so that might add some more months.
Wholesome and hilarious! Good job OP.
That was brilliant 😂
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there
Sad. My condolences to her family.
I'm so excited for this game!! 😄
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.
It's embarrassing!
"Another reason to instantly kill people who constantly use the word ""awesome"" for everything. This is just brainless mediocrity at its best."
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better
Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do. 
I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way. 
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans
Stop arguing with people.
This stresses me out way too much.
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry
Ouch! That hit hard
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.
Same here man, terrible feeling
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but it’s too annoying.
My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.
Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.
I'd give it a 9/10 one of my favorites. So what was your thoughts on D'jango?
You’re right. Thank you for the context and information.
I appreciate this post, so it’s appropriate in my eyes 😀
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!
Fuck is exactly what she's good for
Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.
PLACE THE DEVICE ON HER HEAD HA HA HA TIME TO DIE
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.
Aren’t people on the internet the best! I don’t blame you for deleting, no time for negativity in this life. 🍻 
He can't rescind. What a dumbass
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it
Nice job building yourself btw
No kids, I have a broken oven. When my marriage fell apart that was a blessing.
Yeah highkey looks decent
You are sexy af
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. 
Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video
I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no
I get all the deja smells and it's terrible.
> lack of diversity in the cast now that's a new one lmao
I don't know why this image bothers me so much
Thanks. I appreciate that. At least I know I’m not the only one.
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.
You're most welcome!
It's the lists fault!
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure
Really wish we had got something like this!
[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going
The good kind
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.
I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.
Me too. I love it!
That uncle was awesome.
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!
she disrespected [NAME], i dont like her
Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?
Brave soul.
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. 
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.
Lol I love this flair
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.
No steel toe boots either. Amateurs. If the owner made his cooks do this instead of proper contractors he deserves a workers comp claim.
I like that idea!
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!
Good luck [NAME]
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see 
That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP
That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.
.5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.
GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here
A machine would literally do a worse job than him.
same but with panic at the disco
Came for the murderino and stayed to say I drive like [NAME] a lot and it’s bad lol
Got one, it's still bad dude
old school from back when we won the cup
don't know any [NAME], sorry
Thank you for that ! I’m glad it’s just not me !
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock
Thank you I hate it
Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch. 
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.
Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.
But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc... 
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.
Understandable. Thank you for your opinion. Ill move towards due action soon.
Yea having children will always solve the problem
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.
It’s fun until you’re looking back
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!
Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say
Damn hippies.
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.
Son of a bitch... here we go. Can't just stand there guys....
hehe cheeky little guy
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU
Happy Cake Day! :)
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...
I laughed so hard.
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox
">""fun"" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur"
Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10
Nice try with your 1/3 pan and t rex arms there buckaroo /s
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.
At least we know they have good taste
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.
Democrips & Rebloodicans was my favorite.
We aren't a bunch of Republican puppets like you believe.
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄
I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.
I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.
If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.
I know how you feel and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But I’m glad you are still here
And then everyone clapped and cheered.
I enjoyed this TED talk.
He's trying!
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the ""both sides"" argument. "
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.
Im sure shell last 5 min
fuck atheist countries
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that. 
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.
I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP
In the short term, yes. 
(It was a joke)
Wow this was an eye-opening response, and you’re right it helped us learn more, be compassionate and focus on a better well-being.
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day
This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS
Easy money, thank you [NAME]
I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D
hmmmmm I still love [NAME] and a lot of OR candidates but thank you
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol
I miss being practically jello as a kid
A year ago I said that this continuous ISO by Houston is disgusting to watch. It s still disgusting.
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck
He looks especially cute in the glasses.
Didn't find it believable even from the start
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.
Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.
I hope his pants fell down from the extra weight lmao
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.
Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative
Always great to see a fellow [NAME] give proper advice
genuinely funny - downvoted
Thank you for phrasing it in a way where I picture [NAME] leaning over a school bus seat to tell me that.
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. 
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol
What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.
Lol he said it was the driver's fault and everyone called him out.
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard
I love this 😂
Nobody got time for that, Dont even like twitter
Your pro controller tho, tops.
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.
"""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"" "
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.
Wow!!!
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now
Apologies, got a little carried away. 
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol
Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!
[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.
No offense, but your parents are assholes.
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot
Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun
Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks
Instagram literally fueles my eating disorder, I can't have it. It is all fake though
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.
>Allow insurance to not pay for treatment of diseases with known vaccinations and to raise rates on antivaxxers *Genius!*
I'm fucking starving here.
She just needs to kiss [NAME]
You're right... But look at that badass black leather jacket.
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support
money always talk. i want more to learn from this lesson.
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.
This actually made me laugh out loud
Eat my fuck- [NAME]
The secret and walk away endings are not cannon.
Fcuk you.
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell. 
Ha! I like that one.
Plus corporations are universally unethical
I like this kid
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.
Hahaha damn.
[NAME] has a fun instagram
Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.
Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester. 
Holy shit was that the one guy that supported remain? I didn't know we had a celebrity on this board.
"That comment about ""kill him with kindness"" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol"
Looks deliriously boring.
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again 
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!
It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker
Spending the day with family in beautiful Bowral 🌿
Sounds like you are dealing with some difficult mental health issues. Parents generally love their children. maybe try to talk to them??
The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.
Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!
Lmao I'm sorry!
Sadly my boyfriend's family is the direct opposite but we'll still make it work :3
I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway
Of all the injustices in the world!
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.
The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.
Great reply as usual
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.
Definitely. I find if I don't exercise for a few weeks I'll gain a few pounds quick..
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps
This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.
😅 thanks bew bew
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.
I never said it was irrelevant. I am trying to add on to what the OP had said for potential savings.
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.
I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately
I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else. 
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying ""no u"" on Discord right before I saw this"
That solves it. Thank you!
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.
Looks nice, thanks:) 
4 lives essentially, its insane
Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔
All good 👍
so painful to watch
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him. 
Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.
Really glad the US just passed transparent pricing for healthcare providers, but it's just a first step.
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. 
Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.
Their faces tho, LOL
Haha! I was right :D.
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform
Your just killing time now.
Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.
Alright, thanks
The QB said they loved it
I'm glad :)
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!
Fucking and being a boy
Congrats! That could not have been an easy step to take, so I'm so happy it's been a positive experience.
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.
food pranks really irk me 😔
Agreed. Sometimes you just have to move forward and let those determined to be left behind have their wish.
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.
Greetings fellow human
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫
I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.
Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!
I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.
hes doing it for his kid
Wow, impressive... And how long until it breaks and they decide it's not worth repairing?
Do you not commute to work? It's still like that during rush hour traffic.
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.
If there’s a pattern, yes.
Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up. 
He’s a brave man.
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao
2016 was also the worst year of my life
Bitch yes!
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.
Haha haha! Excellent
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(
No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!
I got the exact same message from tati yesterday ! She said on her twitter that it's definitely a scam
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid
Haha yeah. But still very nice of Ben I hope that the people who got it will use it 24/7
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.
Awesome, great to see people coming together for peer to peer cash!
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts. 
I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.
Great trade for us but we're losing some forward depth in [NAME]. Tbh though I would be willing to take the risk.
I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium
Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!
There's a difference between rights and law. Stop conflating the two.
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.
What a great photo and you two look so happy. 😍
Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
You are amazing
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.
What the hell
Don't worry about it.
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.
I love [NAME]
Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...
Oh god yes. Top quality cringe. Thank you for sharing
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head
Which suggests nothing in itself. The same mods you claim are abusive are probably as hyperbolic about the racism issue as you are.
Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.
I don't really want to do anything.
I’d buy a cheap version of it.
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot
That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.
Wow this is amazing. LOVE THIS!!!
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk. 
He’s soft. No heart.
You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.
I like [NAME] because she hates America
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
The great ancap argument lol
What the hell are you talking about?
The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Haha, yes.
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
"LOL top right one says ""It's MY birthday"""
You started over at 46? Wow. You are badass. You give me hope that if I finally had to, I could do it.
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.
That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.
I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.
That dude is Russian intelligence
Ik these are great!
Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article
I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.
His eyebrows are too precious
You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today 
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. 
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)
No it was a joke
Didn't notice the date, sorry.
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.
Well I like [NAME] but other than her, I don't know any interesting asian youtubers. so help me out
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?
When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.
THIS IS THE JOKE
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-
Lay off the drugs dude
Thank you for explaining! I’m only 31 but now I feel old lol
No, that means you're actually 41.
Wow talk about strength!
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.
beautiful story arc. glad you decided to end it in my semi hometown of excelsior - really neat lil town.
That actually sounds like it would help, I’m glad it worked for you and I hope you eye is ok now 👁💪🏻
That is the coolest name
Oh jeez I missed that :(
Damn that's a good-looking pizza
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer
Throw it all on the mortgage. Don't spend it on garbage you think you need.
Picture was gorgeous. What TV is that?
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop
Gods, what a loser.
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.
Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste
I think it's your choice that determines it
I'm mostly impressed that you can get to work from West Seattle in 20 minutes by car.
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo
Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible. 
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6
This hurts me.
Well fuck my kids then
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door
Galaxy brained hot take Your IQ must be near [NAME] levels of hyperinteligence
His time will come for that
Why the fuck do people have these conversations in public
I freakin love this channel
He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game
Would be really interesting to see how an FMT from a 20 year old would play out in the gut of 60 year old, or vice versa. 
that's why im here in the overwatch university subreddit you fucking idiot.
You are the expert.
Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders
I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)
You better have done 3oh!3 proud and twisted
Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.
I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.
Must be fun, just rewriting history at will...
Tastes better? Or maybe totally worse I don’t have experience
Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.
That song was epic live
Probably stop school shootings hehe
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well
An ex-friend of mine proclaimed than anyone who speaks of being raped is a horrible, unethical human being.
Finally something nice
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.
Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.
Me too. Sweet!
Impressive to have such foresight.
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.
I like your rant.
Thanks I love him
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid
I am glad your okay.
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.
Unite us. Unite the clans.
Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. 
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins 
You are a shining ray of light in a dark chessless world. thank you my friend.
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.
> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/
Nice work [NAME]!
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.
Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.
They're the same people who will tell you 600 a day is unhealthy
Don't you feel embarrassed at all that your country answers to a country literally opposite of the world from yours?
What a wonderful post. Such love. Thanks so much.
No one comes here it’s cool
Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.
Very interesting!!!
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.
[NAME]!
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..
100%,I'm actually impressed
Hooray for the cancer! /s
Steeler 4 life lol
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..
2 2nd rounders but not a first or a future first. He’s not worth the risk
Oh my, it belongs to r/comedyheaven. Laughed for a good minute
Shadow of Mordor 3 looks pretty lit
Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.
Human trafficking is bad.
You quack!
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads
I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.
If we hurry, we can still catch the heroin craze! 
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.
It’s still not working unfortunately :(, you have a link to your YT?
A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now
youve never played against a good support [NAME] then
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure
i hate this
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting
Yeah it sort of sucks now.
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.
I could not agree with you more! These selfish women crying abuse to manipulate.
Bay Area, sorry ;D
Achilios too good
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.
One of our favorite rides.
Thank you!
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.
[NAME] a fantastic word poet
I'd give it a 6.9, based on the fact that he was still caught in the tree
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.
This is a very long story about nothing
Very nice.
Cute. 💖
Appreciate it.. just for trolls sake Plot Twist : The one trick has no mic XD
I love that smile of his!!!!
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try
Honestly, it’s probably for the best if he didn’t know his father too well.
Wow that was ...mind blowing.
too bad nothing came off it
Props to the guy for being honest
Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!
Whenever I'm having a bad day, I watch a few eps of Cosmos to chill out.
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals
Nobody would flop like that in practice
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.
Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.
Thanks everyone for your feedback! Dosing one bottle tomorrow night around 8pm EST, will post back with results 🤠
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.
That game hurt.
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder
"""So long, [NAME]"""
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite
"""[NAME] remains being [NAME]"" is absolutely perfect."
Awesome! Thanks for your reply
That's awesome. Hahaha
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.
Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation. 
I love this comment
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?
Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.
I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.
I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like
Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.
Nice post here, dork.
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.
He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him
Thank you for the advice. I was thinking it was envy, and I needed some place to get advice from some strangers.
Could they have written a more uninspiring Press Release. Hopefully it is more about [NAME] than [NAME] and [NAME].
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..
 I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)
oh, me too, actually.
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!
Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +
He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for ""this is a great game"""
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/
It's such a relieving feeling to know you're finally gone. You never have to go back. You are so strong you got this!!
You forgot blue passports
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.
You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.
Great show honestly
You look awesome in this picture
Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.
Better than just saying hey :)
This is pretty worrying and makes me wonder why she can’t. That’s not normal.
The dog has a very confused look on his face lol.
thanks! :)
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D
One of my 56 favourites
I love [NAME].
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.
Don't worry, I forgive you.
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub"
Thank you bot.
I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)
‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...
I hate that I like them...
Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible
I’m gunna be the bigger man... blessings on your weekend my friend...
And there I was blaming the poor black lads
This is a depressing r/tworedditorsonecup
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say
thank you!
Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.
I agree with this. I'm extremely happy with the hires, but I think the draft may be a bigger tell tale on how the off-season goes.
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault
Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.
"At least he was polite - ""please"" fuck off! "
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good
It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.
Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.
This is simply honesty + humility. Indeed, very respectable.
Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.
happy cake day
[NAME] I hate this
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.
She’s a disgusting snob.. Feel bad for the workers. :(
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that
Pretty sure that had been upped to at least 10k subs. It actually might even be higher now.
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit? 
You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!
Go fuck yourself.
Yayyyy [NAME]!!!! Now go get a hat trick tonight!
180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.
Happy new years!!!!
Damn you and your facts.
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like
1 Corinthians 13 😅 I am lazy so i won't write it down sry
Not my proudest fap
Uncle doods is awesome.
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)
Fuck that guy for game 2
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.
The number of pedos is too damn high!
Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!
Do it :) You’d make my day!
I wish that was a thing 😅
In my mind. I forgot everything :(
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.
"So is liking [NAME] enormous eyebrows ""biological"" too? /s ^I ^think ^her ^eye ^brows ^look ^cool"
Happy little lies.
"Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! ""Mah taxes"""
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not ""throw it in the trash"" either. "
And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing
I mean... this is some shit right here
I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong. 
This is terrible
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.
Hope you're ok!
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!
This is a very cursed lineup
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.
You must be fun at parties.
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for ""oppressing people"""
I like the name mummied the best so far
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!
"I guess we didn't truly ""match"" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility."
Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!
It dulls the pain
Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.
Interesting. Can you give some examples?
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.
I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.
Every instagram page posts this lol
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.
[NAME] plays well in Texas. So there is that.
Yo good for you!
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years
He’s been shit. Makes the wrong decision in the final third every time this game.
That's how mafia works
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother 
Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!
Ok. Thanks
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)
As high as ~72% in black families. Truly heartbreaking what the expansion of the welfare state has done to the black family.
Now I remember, you're an OC student. This sub tells me you're brilliant...
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.
Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.
It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast
That's cause [NAME] really got his career ruined by injury.
Thank you :)
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.
Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.
Too bad I do/
"Sorry i was thinking of the word ""Plaintiff"""
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], ""I how how you can throw down"" HAHAHA!!! "
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful
I just hope the show brings [NAME] back because she was really great.
Peace and love, my brother!
Hahaha, good point
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.
Thanks a lot
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!
Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!
Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful
Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.
I love lamp.
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest 
I'm glad people with such foresight are the first to find this place unaffordable. Good riddance.
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying. 
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭
“That’s also cute” I say as I look at the 5k in LEGO I’m hoarding
>Rise of Agon Literally the worst fucking game that man kind has ever managed to accomplish and you call him a carebear? Fuck out of here.
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.
Welcome to our world.
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.
Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?
lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned
That's a welcome relief. Lol.
Be the change you want to see in the world!
Lol, I don't know the game that well
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.
Sorry if I’m late to the party but when does the new season start? I’m getting withdrawals! Happily ever after that is.
Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!
I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.
Aight thanks bro for the insight
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
Jokes are even more terrible lately
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore
[NAME] ever love the busses
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. 
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣
I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.
But people already know I'm weird.
The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.
The my bad thing is hilarious.
Thank you! And i understand that one too.
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.
Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.
Well you came to the right place
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show
Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!
Now it's a double birth stone, so it's extra special!
I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.
No, I definitely understand that feel and empathize. That can be hard to deal with. How have you been as of late?
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.
You’re obsessed, get over it man. We have what we have, they have what they have
I mean, he is a terrible president. 
Don't call me bitch you fucking sexist. I bet you are one of those white devils. How many women and minorities have you suppressed today?
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!
You’ll love r/2healthbars
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].
Maybe, idk though. I dont think thats enough to nail him. We need more.
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury
Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.
[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!
[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often
Doing a happy dance! Yay!
Happy Cake day!
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.
Appreciate the love man!! It's a fun game!
Then present an opposing argument.
Like an idiot.
I totally believe it, it's crazy how many drivers are so unaware of their lights
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.
Thank you for explaining:)
Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook
World has Turned and Left Me Here.
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping
The tone is incredible.
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!
I did not know that. Thanks!
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become ""Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""
Dogs , unconditional love 
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️
Bless his heart
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do? 
Except you didn't and it's still false.
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!
Haha yeah. Are the squat toilets that prevalent? I’m hoping to avoid them when I go.
This report is going to be bullet proof
They look pretty great tbh stache and all
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!
I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!
I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier
the world is becoming very boring...
"Glad I could help. (Side tip: hit return twice to break out of the "">>"")"
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.
I agree I think they hyped it up
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 
Now that's what I call projection!
Hilarious video, thank you for making us smile :)
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.
"You can buy the full ""girlfriend experience"" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao."
Where's my thank you for that flair, hm? This is theft.
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine. 
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.
Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!
Thanks for yelling it
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.
Have a good good upvote!
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.
I want my fucking cake back.
Thanks i hate it.
Cheers, [NAME]!
She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells
Well... this should get interesting.
I love Fish Stick
That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.
Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring
I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.
Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.
Don't tease me with [NAME].
Shouldn’t really need to pay for this basic sexual experience man, it’s not very kinky 
this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this
I love this!! And it’s so true
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.
ah good find. I guess I saw some sort of grade 9 class photo then. Cheers.
Lol thank you so much for pointing that out. It’s the “re” on the “tard” cake.
Me, for example. I am very very happy.
I just gave you a quote direct from the current finance minister regarding the supply. Get real, man.
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.
Yes applaud the atheist and slam your brothers in the apostolic faith, way to go. 
starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year 
"I was quoting him. He wanted an ""outsider rich business type"", piss off"
Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.
I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME]. 
Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.
I like how she dabs on the way down.
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.
Thanks for the info
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.
"""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!"" I can imagine."
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date
Ditto!!
"You should check out [NAME] ""thank you God"" "
all good haha 👍
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?
That is a great video
I love this! 🇦🇺
I love your username.
Thank you that’s very insightful.
Haha love it we'll uhm not the penis
OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”
I’m naming my dog Sebastian! So I can kinda relate ( lol, def not the same). Love the name though.
Lol aren’t you the guy that got banned from UKPol for being too left wing? I have to say guy that’s pretty impressive.
Cool story bro
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /
Brilliant post!
Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.
Damn that was super fucking good.
I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.
I just want someone who listens to scientists. That's too much to ask though.
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth
sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.
Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.
I visibly recoiled from that.
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol
This video is funny but every time I watch it I get so mad at the guys filming and their belittling comments!
Everyone upvote this - gotta spread the good news!!!
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.
Congrats y'all!!!
I wish that laugh would jump off
Gotta protect’em!
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 1937 - 2016 = Polls not very accurate 2016 - 2019 = Oh yeah, polls have evolved, they're like super accurate now 
Burn wait someone already did it sorry
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship
Thank you!
Thanks man! You rule.
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol
My mommas homemade mac and cheese almost makes me cry on how great it is
Wouldn’t have looked as cool.
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs
The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.
They sound amazing :)
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.
It's a bitter cycle
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]
If they could just let us customize the lines it’d be fine
This was such a genius character. Even reading quotes makes me breakout laughing, every time
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.
Yay, now we're only down by 7
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game
Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU
Gotta love January.
[NAME] didn't contribute anything! [NAME] or [NAME], please come back. At they least you do something on the court!
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.
I was worried about that too honestly
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s
So incredibly sweet!
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.
Haha love it!
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.
They played loud music on a ‘school night’, seriously! You’re backing the bastards here just to be contrary.
Please stop LOOKING, and go.
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...
Stay strong. You've come this far. Keep going.
Let’s beat these Lakers!
great reference my friend
lol that’s what I was gonna say.
She should kick him out... next best thing from abortion.
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?
Omg that sounds like a really intense experience, how'd you save yourself after the feeling of intense happiness? 
Dying like hero’s. What better way to die than saving the world. You’re right.
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.
Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles. 
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️
This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.
Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon 
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start
I'm so sorry you were bullied in a place you should have felt safe.
I love this and you
*alligator point, thank you
Wow, that's so clever!
lol robot car
Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds
Nah no one can help me
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd
That's amazing!
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.
your character's so broken!
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially
Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.
I have faith that you do it *correctly*
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today. 
I like [NAME]. He's the most experienced, and he seems like an all-around nice guy.
Haha exactly right!!
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.
your cat has the cutest face!
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with! 
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!
Well said. And I love your username. 👑
The problem is your husband. If he prioritized you, he would have figured something out. I’m so sorry.
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.
The women-are-wonderful effect.
Guilty of doing this tbph
Thanks for the link! I've been looking too and there are like 200 in the area I called one and waiting to hear back.
You're right but ”just be confident” (I know that you didn't say it ) is really hard when you're unattractive
Curb your enthusiasm theme.
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about
I do. but some people love it
The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.
Exactly. And they parade around with their protruding stomachs as if they're [NAME] gift to the world. *barf*
I wish I could make a garden
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous
That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.
That's awesome to hear :)
Stop giving panhandlers money. They dont need it.
I see, good one.
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock
Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh
Just a quick correction: if the next tax bracket is 10% than $10001 would be taxed $500.10
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.
Lol. 'have meat on my bones and I'm thick'. Just 'overweight' will do, Captain Redundant.
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6
Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.
If there's evidence besides say-so, chances are better.
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.
Congrats on becoming the owner of this cat! What a beautiful meow.
Your brother really saw the light huh!
> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?
Spice Burger. Delicious!
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.
This is genius! I’m going to start doing this now too. Thanks!
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings
Just be glad you’re not his wife
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!
i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!
Nice work gang!
"I'm just gonna hit ""back"" now. See you guys."
Those splits of Marla's still amaze me! Not only in terms of flexibility, but STRENGTH. Just imagine how heavy that leg is...
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.
Busy night for you lol
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.
Mad stinky.
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer
My toes hurt watching this
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.
Me too, except there’s no hookup. (I’m so lonely) 
Forgot to mention that it contains lanolin, don't know if thats a deal breaker. Regardless, alcohol free emollient + occlusive is the way to go
I like turtles
Thankyou!!!!!
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog
That was very interesting. Thanks for effort to write this up!
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game
I do this. Every. Single. Time.
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.
Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.
"Its a mandatory requirement to be an accredited ""[NAME] da"""
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...
Just don't bring up the Manga Carta. Really uncomfortable for my history class.
Oh boy lol
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.
Haha love it
Thank you for the explanation! 🦈
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.
I like them
Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.
Yeah tis marketing tweet from the melbourne AFLW team about their captain seems like marketing being pushed down my throat. You woke af.
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*
Yeah [NAME] is actually really cute and nice but best boi and best girl goes to [NAME] and [NAME]. Just kidding. [NAME] all the way
Bottom right is the cutest
What a beautiful sight that was to behold. Glad I was able to attend a couple of great [NAME] performances. “K” signs everyone
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!
That was painful.
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.
I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.
Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups
you too good sir
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad
An admirable effort
Yes I wish more people did this!
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!
The Magic are good at being frustrating.
Happy birthday!
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite 
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....
That’s scary
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.
It’s pretty cringe
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.
Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer
BUT ATHEISTS ARE DOING THE SAME THING AND ARE TREATED BETTER. No. You're just being a bigot.
Get the fuck out
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking ""So down to earth and amazing!!1"""
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.
Don't worry, he won't be for long
"""In valor, there is hope"""
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!
I can actually read it easily now. Good work
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.
[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.
Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!
[NAME] made boobi beautiful
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes
[NAME] is a fantastic player, but would he be a regular starter over at Juve? He needs to stay at Arsenal.
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.
Beautiful. Makes me wonder how the Persona 6 Velvet Room attendant will be like and how the dynamic with their siblings go...
So his aunt? I think I followed that.
great!! thank you
 And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct. 
Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool: 
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter
Just cut it all of, you won’t look bad
Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh
It's a troll. Look at the history.
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.
Fucking Real Madrid
To drool on.
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.
Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on
[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.
Wrote some good poems too
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.
Thank u goalie [NAME]
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!
DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH
I just came out of the restroom after crying from laughter watching that and my brother asked me if everything is okay
Great story. Maybe it isn't malicious compliance, but I enjoyed it anyway. Damn companies who lack empathy for other humans.
Hiya! 😃
How embarrassing.
Well I am happy you believe that.
This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.
You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao
You’re a vile vile person and a rapist. I hope the police are onto you.
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious
Glad we can take a win into Philly.
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]
This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.
damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game
Spider Man is pretty awesome.
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body
As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it
Fuuuuck that's rough
I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe
I regret that I understand that reference :(
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions... 
you still didn't answer the point....lol
No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.
Poor poor poor bastard
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.
You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?
You said that it is a fact that [NAME] is a rapist based on the testimony of 1 person. I merely stated the same argument based on your logic.
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.
Welcome to my world. fml
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.
In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
This person is the smartest person to play town of salem literally 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001234567898765432345676543345678987654345678909876543234567898765432345678909876543234567898765432345678987654323456787654345676543456543456434543434343434323456765434567654323454323456543345678987654323456789876565656565656565656565656565454545654565454323456765432345678765456 IQ
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music 
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)
You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line. 
Skiing is great but I haven’t been skiing yet this season rip
It is actually out on the steam store right now.
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. 
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!
- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.
Cheers, I have some cheese left in the fridge that I can use here, thanks for the info.
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.
He's been cheered for years now.
Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.
Yep, I guess this is a no-go for me. Thanks!
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.
Yes, that might be a good thing
I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.
I friggin choked scrolling up to this
Fool me once, shame on you...
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.
I'm so sorry. This is no way to be live or be treated. It's so immature and emotionally-abusive. I really hope your circumstances improve
Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.
Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.
Haha! [NAME] aside, that is *wonderful*!
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself
As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.
Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.
You are my beer god thank you haha
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion
I see. Thanks again.
They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach
I like it A LOT.
Free market healthcare. Check out what countries like Denmark can achieve in healthcare through taxation. Must be communist propaganda.
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind
Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. 
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
[NAME] playing great this half
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one ""socialists"" fire departments arent socialist "
Love [NAME] more.
Honestly I can't see why not. Tho I'm a bi male so I don't know if it's valid haha
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.
As guaranteed me under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement.
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase
Agreed, my guy.
They're just misguided, useful idiots.
I’d love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready)
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.
He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.
[NAME] is a socialist I believe. He also seems like a lovely person.
Surf Wax America, great song
I like surprises.
Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha
Thanks for the resources!
I do this everyday... lol
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??
Eat the damn rich already!
Dream market is also down for me in the USA
> ftw Awesome statistic. Made my day! Love it
Very true.
You look chunky
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.
"Yes, after her long trip to the Swiss Alps or wherever she went to ""find herself"" lol"
Also dont have to worry about ramos and robles walking in runs to lose games
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].
It's not his fault, it's your wife's. Shes the one you need to be pissed at
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.
Sad face it is
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.
Oh man, okay yeah i was wrong, thank you for correcting me
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
This team needs to tighten up in the third. Absolutely brutal.
You can't be serious.
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.
 Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela. 
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.
I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out. 
Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker
They can't they need a morty dumbness shield
U can try. Maybe say u are busy now Thursday but Friday is still open. I mean u are not waiting for her forever right?
Thanks for finding out! That's cool
oh thats a good one ;)
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)
Another episode of idiots with guns
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. "
She took the fucking kids, huh?
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.
No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.
He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.
I um like your username
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a ""journalist"" in need of a safe place."
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.
That’s good to know- thank you!
[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.
This hurts to watch
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol
I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings 
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.
Plus the idea of a choose your own adventure movie is absolutely exciting and brings more chances to go back through
Congratulations to your organization for having good management.
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!
She must have a very boring life
You can't compare general economic losses to tax funded expenditures. It would only be fair if we lost 5 billion in tax revenue.
Dude, she had just lost her baby, too. 
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.
Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available. 
Yup, that's exactly what happened when the alt-right took over the sub. So glad I won't get banned for saying that now.
Yes it does
you have captured their ugliness perfectly . GREAT JOB
Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love. 
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted. 
Thank [NAME] for the adult spammers on my susbscribed NSFW subreddits.
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!
That sounds like a lovely time :D
I feel fantastic
Good idea, thanks
The fucking worst game in the world.
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.
Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...
Good luck my tw broskies :(
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol
Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.
Cheers, I will do 
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome
"Didnt know that, just saw ""LG"" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/"
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
I love it when cats go all airplane ears
Sorry then?
"I like the ""filler"" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles "
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four
Awesome! You got this!
Cool have fun
People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you
These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic
My favourite series are House Party and A Way Out. The Sonic comics episode is a golden too.
Everyone who supports him knows. The [NAME] need educating.
My balls shrunk up looking at that
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.
[NAME] insulting his fanbase has literally been a hallmark of his persona from the beginning of barstool
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/
Can’t wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.
Oh man. GOOD one.
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!
Honestly, I love hearing about stories like this - like the multitude of Skyrim and Oblivion mod developers who eventually got hired by studios due to their work.
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]
Interesting that these two have made such a splash. I might check into this season if it's worth watching.
WON ME 1K LAST GAME IN PARLAY!!
Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.
Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get
Pointless but fun
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.
I remember that. It was a crushing experience that started a whole other level of depression. But hey, maybe things will work out for you. 
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh
Yea it's a tricky one, we need more buttons!! 
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]
"Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance ""friend""."
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!
I have never seen a dog more excited than when a sled dog is about to go to work.
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.
i guess you must eat filets and lobster at all your parties haha
They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season
Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.
Thank you :)
Such a disappointment
I miss him...
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!"
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones
Good luck with that!
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. ""To the ____ who ____"""
[NAME] was their best player
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.
I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. 
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net."
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl. 
that's awesome!
Happy cake day !
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.
Everyone makes the NREMT test sound like the devil. It really isn't that bad.
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.
As much as I would love this kind of support, I had beef with people over EVERYTHING
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.
It still seems dangerous
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.
Tell her to stop being so fat, then. Edit: /s
[NAME] damn it
Amazing. And heartbreaking. I'm learning so much from little bits like that.
FUCKING DIN!!!
Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....
Bruh cake happy day
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. 
Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!
Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.
That motto is awesome!
I’m very sorry for the loss of your friend.
annoyed at most
[NAME] wrote a really technical and really awesome article in the Athletic about this game. Holy shit haha worth reading if you are a ball nerd.
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities
That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too. 
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂
>I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! 
"The ""richest"" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it."
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:
You've been able to survive going in between tracks on multiple games in the franchise. I've always done it lol
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS
Too right. I hate the Sun. worst tabloid out there
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault
I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill
That's a cute little theory
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?
Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them
I want to end myself when it happens
Waiting to see if a card expansion will make the game fun.
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is
There is irony in what you guys are saying.
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that
Ahem. Second best NA
This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. 
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.
That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!
thanks for the warning :)
You're a tenant if you lived there for months and that was an unlawful eviction.
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.
Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
Excellent game tonight, let's get a new win streak going on this road trip!
Too late, you read it anyways. Ban me if you don't want to read more. Lmao!! 
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.
Luckily he is not.
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.
Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.
And the amount of crops we eat is destroying river systems and forests. Not to mention the animals killed inadvertently during harvest.
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.
Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]
I love Ashtray
Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.
Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.
good guy kawhi
Sounds epic man
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes
Police can amend docs, they can’t change them. Even if it’s a name
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions
I'm sensitive! :'(
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...
100% communication with an NT is awesome!
Looks like the next level of a horror character
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring
Oh my gosh 😂. I do believe it!!
his talk show is pretty great
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.
I love you tooooo!!
Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""
me as fuck
Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.
Good advice thank you I appreciate it. I need to learn to focus my mind again
And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.
I take Yaz to treat PMDD and it has minimal side effects for me: no acne, no weight gain, no babies. I hope this helps!
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes
Let me calm you down a bit:
Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH
I love [NAME].
what a stupid opinion
I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.
Wow you’re mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah? 
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.
The ending was awesome
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.
Ah got it. Sounds like most CW shows (Smallville)..thanks for the heads up :)
I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there
Looks like complete slop with 4 turds thrown on top. 🤢
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.
Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!
[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.
When you've been to 9 in the past 20 years its kinda hard to stiil get excited . Its our week 17.
MAD JOKE!
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.
lmao i love [NAME] what a legend somebody who really doesn't care what the public thinks i wish i could be like him
I’m glad you did
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro
Gotta love jetpacking.
Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol
LOL I read that and slavated. I wish we could pull that sweet of a deal off.
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it
Glad I could help!
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. 
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!
I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.
Thank you !
Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!
You really are this stupid aren’t you? Whatever buddy I don’t argue spastics.
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.
Many people from 2004 played Fortnite too. You know, because it's a good game and not everyone likes to hate on things arbitrarily.
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
"I can hear [NAME] now: ""Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""
LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.
Yeah Stupid Sexy groening
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.
"Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the ""geeks"" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found."
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.
Style of play is overrated. We spent half of the season sticking to a style of play. We should play what gives wins.
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.
Love me some Clash
I dont go because it ends 1 of 2 ways. Either im sick or im not. I dont like either of those answers.
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry
I switched the the Smok Novo and I like it. Close enough to the juul.
[NAME] is actually a terrible player
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights
We smart apes
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)
No you don't, you love lies and liars. 
I tried at a joke that relates to the post...
Nothing more Jersey than the sound of car horns over [NAME] rambling out an annoyed answer to a caller.
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.
A lot of people shit on wiki edits, but most of them give me a nice little chuckle
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks 
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.
Yes!!!!! THIS!!
Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !
Great job, now let's get two points.
Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius? 
Happy cake day!
Thanks, bud!
disappointing click of the day
Good mind, good luck.
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.
You’re right, my bad
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat
YES! And have some fun guests to dish with.
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.
Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.
Thanks for cheering me up!?
Drs hate him!
oh got it😂😂😂😂
Kill all humans
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.
[NAME]. growing some ladyburn1974 as part of my first grow. thank you!
Thanks for this!
Thanks <3
Lol! Great question
For the night is dark and full of terrors!
Dont keep your mouth shut.
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!
he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.
YES! I can't recommend this TED Talk enough and I think it's really disappointing that many portions of the left have caved in to anti-nuclear hysteria.
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
A fuckin men
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.
So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open. 
thank you so much please subscribe
And it tastes great because it was chilling in my refrigerator
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.
Wow im glad my uncle is dead , this sounds crazy .
Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that. 
I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.
This is why I love baseball
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator
Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort. 
Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.
🤣that is so cool
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.
interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
I’m conflicted. I do in fact love wine, but I also love crown, and it would be more cost effective to bring crown. 
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.
Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember
Thank you! It makes so much more sense
This is painfully fake
lmao i love this!
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.
i cant i have asthma
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].
Amazing. You will defend [NAME] no matter what huh?
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time
I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents 
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]
I can understand political acrimony but the death of humor is really disappointing. Very sad indeed.
" ""If you don't wear BROWN AND ORANGE...YOU DON'T MATTER!"" We need a tshirt with that on it asap! "
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+
Jajaja (hahaha)
Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...
Weird thing, but my cat will go HAM on my earhole if I let her.
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling
Wow. If it shows calls on the bill then what good is it? Glad I asked...
Yeah. I do wish you the best. It's not gonna be easy but I do. You're welcome!
But I feel like such a tool!
:) i like it
This is the sweetest thing ever, im gonna steal it and use it on my fiance
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. 
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.
I'm with you. I'd like one too.
What an idiot.
The hair is super cool though
I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.
Absolutely is, sorry. I just came by to say Howdy back until I saw all the hubbah. [NAME]. 
Take an updoot for making me smirk and smile. It might be immature, but it's hilarious.
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!
I was about to say the same lol.
Thank you sir, this has made me happy. 
Thank you sir
This is really cute
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him
Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. 
Ladies and gents, I present to you, your typical anti-gunner.
Oof that hurt
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]
Stop, your hurting me!
That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.
My wife is not allowed to flick my ears for any reason, and apparently I'm not allowed to stick my finger into her bellybutton lmao.
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!
Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.
Good luck going to jail.
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016
Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha
Cruelty free for animals anyway. 🤦
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.
"""While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"""
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best 
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.
I eat crayons I shit crayons
I mainly play EDH. Did try standard at one point as well but lost interest
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.
Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.
Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.
not having periods for sure
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub
I almost downvoted you, because “Boooooooo!”
I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.
I miss [NAME]
Never let a fact get in the way of a bad argument apparently.
"""okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"""
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.
The Internet is a weird place.
Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣
Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!
This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.
Thanks for doing the job well. :)
I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗
Watson is a great dog name! I think you just named my next dog!
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry
Harsh, but true
Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. 
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.
Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!
This is alternative facts level populism. The man is a liar.
When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.
Don’t ever play poker! Lol
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.
No! but they seem awesome!
I don’t fucking care
Bravo! It's hard saying you need help, and sometimes even harder accepting it. So proud of you momma!
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this. 
You really need to learn to read. 32 isn't too late!
I live in a valley so it's effectively earlier than that for me.
Society hates everything. Just love yourself and the rest becomes easier.
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad
No sure what’s going on here, but [NAME] was one of my absolute favorites growing up
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.
That actually looks so fire
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes
Ah, yes, the good old “glass elevator”
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
I wish that show would come back
Lol too funny
Can’t wait to try this out
Lmao this is excessive
Who brings a gun to a middle school in the first place? This kid was not right.
I'll try to stay patient.
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things 
Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.
This made me smile so hard. I am happy for you. May we all find our own happy and worthy constellations 💕
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged 
No, their reaction was just as bad.
I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary
Love it yeet
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.
Good call. Run!
"Maybe it needs to be ""Hall of Shame"" instead of a museum."
This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!
Thanks very much. This is helpful
Lol religion is a crazy thing
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1
That as absolutely insane.
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂
It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.
Good stuff [NAME]
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.
This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)
Why would we sign [NAME] when we already have a full time shortstop and third baseman?
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.
Thank you.
The poor car.
>Shes completely self-made too :) Now I'm imagining her as some sort of entity that brings its own existence about
So happy for you, enjoy 
How’d you get out there? I miss the west. Love NYC tho
That’s why I called them Turd Gen, haha. Getting a High Country/Denali with the 6.2 to replace it. 
wow that's dark
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that
Ur a dumbass
How to instantly look 20 years younger!
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news
oh, that's nice. welcome everyone!
I probably would have upvoted it for effort.
Oh [NAME] how awful
Thanks [NAME], very cool.
I love PnR
I love polo shirts
That does help a bit, thanks.
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)
Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles
Well thank you for all that you are doing. Have you considered becoming a dispatcher too while you are at it? Haha
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.
"5'11"" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here."
B, I dont frink coffee anyways 
Bless them!
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features
Oi he got stabbed in the eye
Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].
Ever since I could squat, deadlift, and bench more than my father he never questioned my decision. haha
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.
This is why I love Reddit.
I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.
I’m so sorry. <3
Hot damn.
I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.
He drives to the basket like [NAME] used to. And can shoot the 3. And he's super clutch. Love the dude
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself
I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one
So true it hurts.
I love snow! It means snow days!
I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover
this video made me feel like screaming
I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw
It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.
Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0
You’re very right, I’m relieved I was free of this man before anything else happened. Thank [NAME]! And thanks for your kind words 
""" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account"" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse. "
That makes sense, thanks
Awesome, thank you! 
I laughed at this 4 years ago.
She was carrying all my burdens >:((
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!
You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s
True but stranger things have happened.
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing
This guy is a hack lmao
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. 
It taunts you
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm
Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.
That's true, but you see, one man can really make a difference. [NAME] I loved the movie
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.
That's a great dream. I love how your inner voice of him came out. It feels right on.
Your husband isn’t at all worried about your reputation since he’s the one who spread the lie. Something to think about
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)
Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem
Thanks everybody!
Thank you!!
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
Wow, I wasnt expecting that to be a real sub lol that's awesome
Haha, that's terrifying 
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!
Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/
Listen to it while you're sad
"Exactly. I forget what the ""killed per year in a school shooting"" figure is but it's shockingly low."
TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.
Thats nice to hear, glad I could help.
That's false
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.
I'm so sorry. You can do this. Just remember YOU are a person who is worthy of love and respect.
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?
Love this - beautiful penmanship
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.
LOL men don't have feelings ;)
my heart melted omg [NAME]
This game is actually worse than I was anticipating and I knew it was gonna be bad
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol
Ugh I know it's wishful thinking but I'm praying to mayor [NAME] for a DC gov closure
It's showtime!!
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!
Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.
Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!
Thanks man, likewise for you
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.
I just worked 6 hrs today and already hate it lol work just sucks. I'm not sure how other people do it.
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day
i want my nuggs mom!
I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.
This sounds encouraging. I hope they get lots of support from the public.
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise. 
Nice try, bot!
Reddit culture is truly the worst.
Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game 
No it’s not, I can give you multiple examples of cops getting physically assaulted and not even using their guns. Stop lying.
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.
It's wonderful and gives me happy happy feels
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional
I like this template, it makes me happy.
Thank you! [NAME] is a character that means a lot to me, and it makes me happy that you like my portrayal of her.
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. 
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.
> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks
Ahhhh fond memories
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick
[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.
And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man
Sounds painful man
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!""."
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.
Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.
You're right!
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...
It's not exactly hard to keep track.
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.
Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.
Yes, I wouldn't have said it if it weren't true lol. It's owned by InBev which is a Belgian company. 
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.
Yes, please do. I'd appreciate any help.
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.
Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading
Justice for that horrendous no call
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?
Best person available on DL or OL, CB if the two positions mentioned do not justify the pick. Trade back if we miss on all 3. 
[NAME] family must be having a field day there today!
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now. 
The frankness of this comment made me giggle
I like [NAME], but I'd just rather spend more time with [NAME].
Yay let’s get nice and pissed
I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great
Disgusting trash feminazis, fuck your hijab
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg
It's ok, it was cancelled anyway
Thanks! You too!
Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.
Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)
I love this sub so much.
That sounds awesome! Thanks for the reply!
Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...
You called yourself a Met fan. THAT is embarrassing. Edit: called themselves a Met fan and didn’t know who [NAME] was AMD disrespected him.
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.
I like it
This guy fucking gets it.
Dude take the medicine. It helps.
Mozzarella sticks!
This is awful.
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed
Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.
shut up LIBTARD you right now:🤯😭🥺
Aw, good times, picking off them pesky 'tennas and coyotes! Me too, I'd love that! Thank you for playing, my friend!
Good to know, thanks for response 
I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.
That’s amazing. I hope you feel this way for many many days.
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are
get your ass to mars!
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.
Looks fun up there
Thanks, came here for this
Congratulations! :)
Ah man great memories .. campaigns were soo memorable
Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat
i love casual racism
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
I wish my nickname was [NAME]
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America
Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.
thank you!!
"I think you missed a ""ba"""
Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway 
Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7
No but I will now. Thanks!
I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.
Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.
Yet, here we are, a whole sub full of people who seem interested in the stupid things incels say and do... 🤔 /s
Mine is Woman by [NAME] 😂 I get the chills when I hear that song. Maybe it is a hymn?
Reddit hates women.
You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)
MTV loves Indiana
Not about my first name but I'm gonna change my last name.
Nope, try to keep up.
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.
>I don’t believe in changing the rules and laws however ... Then you believe [RELIGION] is in the 7th century for all times
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!
How exciting.
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.
you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.
What the fuckkkkk burn itt
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out
Excited for you guys to be there see you there [NAME]!
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.
Sorry, should've mentioned... 
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!
I considered becoming a teacher, but then I considered the little bastards would eat me alive.
Wow, after the past 2 seasons that seems like it was like 6 years ago.
Then the argument is entirely wrong. Democratic socialist are not communists. Conservatives aren't fascists.
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag
I'm so sorry
LOL to your family
I’ll take one [NAME] please
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.
You deserve this
Keep pushing. You’ll come out of this stronger I promise
I love military films, this was good. My theater was clapping when each terrorist got killed lol
Citation found, dumbass.
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.
>She was very normal LMAO This got me
Why don't you just tell us? We're all dying to know!
At least the ice didnt break
As fun as that sounds, please just call the police.
How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough. 
I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.
...to win the popular vote, which she easily did.
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.
DAMN!!!
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.
I feel digestive regret just looking at them.
RNG gear is a solid no from me.
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.
Good ol best available dasher
So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. 
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!
Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much
Now all we need is to beat them in the playoffs one last time and win the super bowl THEN I'll be able to be happy
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!
Oh, no wonder I like her so much!
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history
Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.
...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.
Ha that’s amazing you may know my little brother he graduated around that time name is [NAME]
Thank god. This place was authoritarian.
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!
Great advice here. Good sleep doesn’t “just happen” with kids. It’s our job as parents to guide them.
Thank you, that's very good to know!
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol
Thanks hehe hit me up on there sometime!
I changed team snapchats name to “Bae❤️” so i get exited every time I get thing from them.
Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway
"Can we change the ""haha"" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] "
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.
Shotgun rack? LOL. I had a BB gun rack on my Schwinn in the 60s in Houston.
Well one of our leading candidates is [NAME] so it's not like we're killing it in our search either
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police
ah Yuk!
Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well 
Lemon cookies are the best
So cute!!!!!!!!!!
Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. 
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. 
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around. 
As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.
You're a hero.
So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃
I will check him out thank you :)
That’s one pissed off [NAME]
Read this while pooping. Laughed WAY too hard! Thank you for that.
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. 
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.
I've never been so proud of humanity.
Be careful of ticks tho
So so good
you got me [NAME]
I did it. Lol.
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺
A year is way too short. You won’t know the impact of Brexit till 2030 really.
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.
Fuck you I was in the bed:/
Magic are a good team. They battle every game
Hey, can you post a pic (or many) of the chow/corgi mix? I really need to see it. Thanks. Actually, the kittens too. 
You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. 
Omg!! Its rainbow!!
Thanks! I like your advice. I'm a mom too. I was even smaller after she was born than before my pregnancy. Weirdness.
Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.
I didn’t know that. Gtk
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about
Thanks for laugh, I needed that. 
Interesting. See, that seems much more adult. And actually makes sense. The things we do in the US man...
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL
11 years goddamit I’m old
Thanks bro means a lot
That must have bean awesome to find those
I'm with you!!!!!!
How is anyone so stupid to not vaccinate their child?
We need our damn OL coach...he was amazing this year.
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time
>Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely
Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/
Sounds like my kind of place.
Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting
Awesome thank you! I’m sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet
She's fine but she's no [NAME].
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.
They've done this before. Look the Order of the White Feather up, it was worse.
i’m so sorry.....
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].
Happy cake day
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31..."
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty
Don't do #4 it's bullshit
I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!
nice ideas! looking good.
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!
Fuck your shitty ass title
It's become extraordinary, quite.
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone
I love this man.
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it now. The real link is HERE
:) thanks on behalf of kiwi. He’s quite handsome.
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.
Best picture of this I’ve seen so far!
Sent. And I'll check with the mods. Thanks.
She is renowned for her versatility.
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest
Thank you xo
Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it
Yea we need more good news to give other people hope, enough hope to give them a helpfull push to pursue what they really want. 
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.
Possible sad tyre
Happy cake day! :)
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good
That's exactly why I'm asking you if you would.
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.
thanks for the correction.
I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.
Wow! Never thought of it this way but that's a REALLY good point.
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.
felt that so hard too
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*
Damn this guy just had a bad day!
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.
Happy for u!!
"You should see the absurd number of ""gays for [NAME]"" we have in my country, it's astounding"
I appreciate the honesty
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. 
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.
You are correct.
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.
I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids. 
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.
[NAME] with that birthday gift
A one-line whip is still whipping against, although it is a pretty disappointing decision.
Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.
Thanks love <3
Oh my god, who in the world eats their cracker without its Shell? Simply disgusting, didn't even had to ask. Smh
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)
"""PETA approved"" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms"
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.
To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore
Its not fake. Its real. You now look hilarious for making ridiculous accusations and praises about a person that doesn't exist. Lmao.
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this
I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.
Great subterfuge guys
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.
That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case
No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.
But funny, and that absolves the sin!
So edgy.
Puppies in 95% of cases. Sorry but some dogs are ugly no matter how old they are.
Central Business District. Its where main shops are located normally in very close vicinity.
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney
So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes."""
Hope to see you in the chat as the episode premiers! Best wishes!
doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime
You are a delight upon this earth
Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!
Fantastic! Thank you for the info sir!
We don't deserves horses
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer! 
It seems like good advice.
Good [NAME] we look horrible
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons 
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. 
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.
Lol nicely done
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good 
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.
of moms give birth BY 30. About 11-13% of women are childless. Please lol some more.
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously) 
I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films. 
Wow, thanks whoever did the silver❣ put a ray of sunshine into an otherwise cloudy day! 
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here! 
I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.
I'm fine, how about you?
Stop lying to me
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.
What’s the chemical make up of a word? Yea thought so genius lmfaoooooo.
Suck my good behaviour!
And..the reality of it hurts
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades
I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.
Nice try, officer.
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.
No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again
Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right
It's Incredible! So glad I could help with this! :D
Insurance covers stupid.
"Very tired us can attendant: ""here are your vagina slimes."" ... thankfully the customer just laughed kt off."
I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance. 
The guilt of sin represses all
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.
 No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...
thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!
Damn don’t sell this
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed. 
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. 
Good. Stay the fuck away.
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.
Fecking THANK YOU. -- One Foot on Each Side of The Pond
I love /r/LazyMan
I miss [NAME]
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough
On VPR yes she is awful. On WWHL she seems very nice, and likeable. Not sure what's going on there. 
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.
Ignorance, Illustrated
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI. 
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)
That poor soul
Thank you. English is not my first langage.
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out
You. I like you.
No, you won the 23rd.
Oh hey that's pretty cool!
That has literally never happened.
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps
Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(
Your right i will talk to him tonight
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.
A little too nutty for me thx.
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D
could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....
You couldn't even figure those out? Wow. Speechless.
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. 
Heh I love this.
Thanks friend lol
the pharma part killed me
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.
Omg she's gorgeous!
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.
Thank you this is really inspirational
Merrily merrily merrily merrily something something scream... (I am not creative)
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication! 
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code
I have a 4k screen lol. I didn't know you could do custom css rules. Thanks for the help.
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!
Thank you Burger King! Source
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.
hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.
Still won the race though ha who’s a failure now
"I'm more concerned that the kid's name is ""[NAME]""."
Uhh...weird flex but ok?
Might do that, thank you!
Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.
This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years 
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here
i agree to kill all children
It looks like someone screwed up.
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.
love you too.
You’re a melon my dude, that is not how it works at all, you have been brainwashed.
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.
No it hasn't.
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!
We don’t improve without discovering our problems. Good on you man- wish you and your boyfriend many happinesses 🙂
What's wrong with that? [NAME] scandal is funny but not something to focus on in 2020.
Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy
TY for the encouragement! ❤️
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!
My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..
SKYRIM!! Hahaha
This isn't uplifting. This is *enraging*. This is what the government should be doing not nine-year-old fucking children.
Shh don't spoil it for us
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂
Thank you! I’ll look for his art. Btw I have no idea what Faces of Death or Traces of Death is
Never underestimate the stupidity of people
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?
Well that's good. Now, where am I?
I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!
What a fucking cunt
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P
Well that was disheartening.
That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it
It's not funny. Your neighbor doesn't sound very bright.
I’m worried about [NAME] too
That head must hurt!
You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)
Surely it's *a* factor. It's just not sufficient. [NAME] had a good life before he went jihadi.
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably 
Thanks. That's a handy resource. My question remains unanswered.
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut. 
Haha that's so true!
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.
Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?
Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
This is adorable I want an update
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel 
They also have the best lemon bars!
I’m still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that it’s still on its way.. :)
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.
why wont i just fucking die
Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol
Fuck you're cool
The world needs a lil crazy
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future
I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter
Exciting finish here.
Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.
May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...
Great album! 👊
I cringe when I see [NAME] playing while we’re stuck with sensitive old [NAME].
We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!
Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo
It is a racist nickname because you're literally using the man's race as a means to criticize him.
I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes
Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao
He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha
"That's encouraging. I have similar amounts of ETH and some LTC that's ""pending"" withdrawal from monday. Hoping I get it soon."
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.
I watch it because I enjoy it
I actually really liked that you added in your personal interests. I like Korean boy bands too.
I really hope you're joking
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.
I am also interested in this link!
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.
My condolences.
[NAME] would be proud.
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.
Ooh, good point!
Now that's brilliant... 30? woah. I'm only 19, hope it doesn't take me that long 
I wish this was animated.
It’s never been good lol
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear
I had that thought as well.
Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.
Thank you for your inspiration
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday
But that jumper looks hella cosy
Can you freak bitchhhhh
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.
Thank you man whoever you are, this has really helped me. Best of luck to you too
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way. 
Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors. 
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.
Lol I need details!?
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.
No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection. 
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable 
>Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.
Shut up, [NAME]. 
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve
That's how you think hes trying to input something. Glad it was my way home.
This is giving me so much life.
I ... I like you
If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.
Thank you so so so much. Best of luck to you. We deserve the kind of live we give others.
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm
Excellent as always
you'd have a point if the only use of a car was to kill people.
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out. 
Dude... are you okay?
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!
Worse. They told us to mind our own business
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry. 
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.
You might have better luck
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.
This is nasty NSFW
Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen
aha American Sniper, movie genuinely moved me.
I love the arm blasts on the ice. That dude was determined and loves his dog. Very cool.
I stan ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
She's as beautiful and as happy as ever
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head. 
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!
I guess. Thanks.
Oh [NAME], me and kiwi or pineapple. Or that feeling when a tortilla chip gets stuck in the roof of your mouth
same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. 
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.
Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.
Best of luck
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)
I got the 4K Blu-Ray and the Mrs and I are convinced you see more than butt in that scene.
Poor thing. Her arm looked stuck in the crutch as she fell. That had to hurt
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!
No car wraps? This was already upvoted a dozen times... Seriously don't understand the mods, man. 
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.
ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. 
Please. I can’t even with these comments.
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂
The funny thing is [NAME] would probably be up for it. Let's do it! LoL sAiNtS
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!
You forgot our dear friends from Paris
[NAME] that is frightening...
The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.
I will, eventually. Thank you for the kind words.
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here
Shitty cars made of plastic
No, that isn't possible. Discord hosts the call, which means any attempt at using wireshark would just show Discord's information, not yours.
This is kinda sad
Another great bit on identity politics...
Was just thinking that. Great tunes
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! 
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.
Living is exhausting.
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn
That’s a fair point. Pretend to be a foreigner than? Haha I don’t know. I wish you luck my friend!
The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.
I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.
Same cinematographer, [NAME]. He's incredible
Thank you for such kind words.
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.
I think its absolutely wonderful : )
Thanks for actually reading and responding to the question...;) I’ll check those out
Aye but happy cake day mate.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.
That sounds great!
Thanks for the response.
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true
I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies. 
I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.
That’s great of you :)
Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.
It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect
She’s so hot. Also happy cake day
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.
Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...
And sing the beat !
Thanks, I actually just reached out to my counselor and said I'd like to switch to just myself.
The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
Love live [NAME]
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.
"""It's your outfit, dude."""
Love it. Be well [NAME]
Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha
Drink. Watch hockey. Eat. That's what I do.
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.
I was wrong about that one part. I've edited my comment to reflect my mistake. Thanks for posting the relevant bit of the bill.
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr
That’s a shame. What’s worse, evangelicalism or Scientology? Tough call
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.
I still hate Catcher Eggman!
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. 
I absolutely did and loved every minute of it. I really do hope it gets more seasons
That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.
I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. 
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together
That's good to know, then. You can eliminate that possibility from your mind. But gosh. I'm so sorry you went through all that... 
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...
Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. 
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.
Thank you for your service.
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.
Thats too funny
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.
Being a broke college student doesn’t help😂 thank you for taking the time to listen though it’s really helpful lol
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do
Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)
And their cats. IT loves kittens.
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that. 
That woman on the left with red shirt and blue jeans looks really calm
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.
Yes i hope things go well for them
Thats a meme? That feels more like depression
bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol
Well, I’ll be here when you fail!
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits
Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.
Wow thanks I gotta try this!
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.
and I love him for that
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.
Lmao I feel you.
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects
Very very accurate.
Right on. Thanks!
Amen, block all immigration.
I don't care it's amazing there lol
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).
I like hearing about these positive encounters.
Love seeing the guys have fun.
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir
I'll take that on board! I'm a mostly patient person. At least I hope so, lol. Thanks for the advice (:
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.
You sir are a true hero.
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔
i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.
Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention 
I'd give you a shovel so you could dig your head out of the sand, but I have a feeling you'd refuse.
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.
Thanks for the encouragement, it means a lot! Glad you liked it, seeya around 👌
I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.
I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.
It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle. 
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit
It's not much, but it's honest work.
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.
I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop. 
How did your consultation go? I would really love to hear what it was like. I'm starting to think about my future consult too.
We have a realistic chance of winning this.
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.
Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]
Congrats mate.
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children
Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.
Thanks for not declaring that in a karma whory way like so many of your fellow fans
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies
thanks, just sold my house to go all in
sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?
Brutal. I'm so sorry.
All the best. Safe travels.
Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.
This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. 
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil. 
What a legend.
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it
digitally executed lol.
I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty 
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.
This is actually funny
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!
You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo
Think about how many times OP has jerked it into those sheets
I know, pain in the asses.
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.
"I'm missing the ""funny"" part. This is just someone killing himself."
You know what you’re right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away. 
Im so sorry
Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. 
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor
No. It doesn't. And a moron on Reddit has no authority to say that it does.
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.
They look incredibly legal, organized, and accurate, just like yours! 
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...
Thank you. Just hoping I'll make it with minimum damage inflicted on my friends who are helping me move
good luck stay safe!💓
I got offered a couple of batches. They weren't 100% terrible but I feel like they could've been better so I didn't take them.
Winning is fun
He will the author already spoiled it in previous chapters.
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol
You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close
Alright, I really wanted you to go to HR but it might not go right for you
Classic imperialism at its finest
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much
This face will not age well.
"""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"""
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. 
special for you my dude :)
I miss [NAME] butt.
Your dad is awesome
First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable 
Platinum is the best Pokemon
nice try buddy
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]
Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised
I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.
Because it was a terrible idea.
Software Engineering; had a knack for it at a young age and pretty much always knew that's what I was going to do. Yes. Extremely.
Aww, what a cute pair
It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. 
Funny thing, I work at a restaurant and it happened today, which is what pushed me to post this. 
Yeah. I killed them both.
 funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.
I'm about 5 weeks of NC after a 1 yr relationship. It gets better. Occupy and work on yourself.
Watch it!! It's amazing
Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.
This is an awesome idea. I'm in with my coins when this is ready to roll.
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)
Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do
Yep, regardless how people feel about this benign ad, it has generated 6.9 million views and countless posts. It's a resounding success.
Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.
i dream of making $7k
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .
In this view, you claim to wield power over them, and are clearly no anarchist. You are implicitly advocating for hierarchy.
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...
I had a young woman patient who was repeatedly found on the floor, naked and masturbating.
You DO seem nice. And friendly!
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!
These are good ideas, thank you so much.
[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!
Baby cake!
Breaking bad all over again
Jokes about [NAME] hopefully being in MK11
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling
I cannot believe the fucking audacity of him. Have some shame for [NAME] sake.
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs
They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.
That's the theme of this excellent play:
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.
Nervously laughs in anxiety
Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though. 
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.
Good answer. Thanks for taking the time.
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!
Bloody Peasant!
He looks like that one guy
“To put us all know who [NAME] laughed through it all.
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.
I’m literally shaking right now😫
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.
Stay strong brother - it's coming.
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.
You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.
That guy is an actor. Forgot his name but he's in imdb, played small roles. 
Touche lol. Ours usually comes back pretty quickly, I think this is the longest it's been out.
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol. 
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway
Holy shit.....just holy shit
Yes, but you don't need it to play.
lol. good one dude. you really showed me. great argument. really showing off your intellectual prowess. keep up the good work!
I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry
Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around
mans got me excited
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod"
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed
The only rank that can't be deranked is diamond. However, all rewards are based on peak elo. So don't be afraid to keep playing.
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly. 
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:
This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun
You are a disgrace to the species
take care!! <3
I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(
What a terrible list
Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol. 
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up
Happy to assist with the credit repairs. I've been in the industry for over 20 years. It takes time but it's fixable.
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.
[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!
YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox
Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.
Wow. It looks really good!
This is a good map though.... Just needs some minor QOL tweaks.
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it
I hate Twitter
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one.... 
She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!
I wish I would’ve! Idk why I didn’t record it I think I was just in such shock of what had just happened lol.
Relax it's a joke. Everyone does some 90's at the end of their videos. Otherwise people will assume that you aren't sweaty enough.
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess
Happy new years!!
Wow, great news bro!
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.
Thank you for turning me vegan, good person!
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.
[NAME] are not the best at being subtle about being incels...
My favorite gusgasm
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.
That’s awesome, wonder if it’s available to buy on eBay. 
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.
Yes what the fuck is going on here
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it
My favorite one that you’ve made so far haha Great work
Lol do it.. then block him again
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.
Lmao is this a bot?
Meanwhile in western society grown-ass adults will leave their McDonald's trash scattered all over the place just feet away from the bin.
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it
That's my plan!
You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.
Sorry, you misspelled disrespectful. You don't have my trust. Here are the divorce papers.
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.
This is great! [NAME] the legend
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.
Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not. 
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before
You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does
Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell ""Dwig***H***t""."
I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.
I love chicken
Nope! But happy for you❣️
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2
Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol
Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.
For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.
As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud
jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR
Sorry, I have plans that day, week, month. Watching TV while you peruse Reddit are plans aren't they???
fantastic point!
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.
Disgusting, but fascinating.
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.
FBI OPEN UP!!!!
Thanks for the gold
This is one of my favorite threads ever.
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/
Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? 
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. 
This is genius. The ultimate prank.
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!
Is that her official name now? [NAME]
Ya. It's not what you think to start. Awesome show ending within 5 seasons with a planned ending. It's refreshingly hilarious. Netflix available.
I cried I was laughing so hard
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
Happy cocaine on a plate day!
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(
Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.
There’s this which is terrifying to think about
Oh man, you got me there with the image
You're a big guy.
Unread. Unworthy of my or anyone else’s attention. You’ll have to hate alone today, [NAME].
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.
Much appreciated comrade!
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!
You're a horrible person.
It's all out of love... We promise.
I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning. 
good job with being proactive with mental health.
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.
I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.
Power trip blindness is scary; how someone can't see the obvious aftermath of acting like this with their employees?
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too
That's not how it works
I didn't have an umbrella and got wet but it's so damn humid still it's all stanky feeling outside.
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.
yeah, thanks
This is beautifully written.
The kind look on his face certainly helps
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.
"""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."""
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now. 
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.
XD lol yes. Ragnarok
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite
I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood. 
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)
It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.
[NAME] I LOVE YOU
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever
Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]
Yes, its completely normal. Everyone I know is better than everyone else.
It's very convenient!
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.
That's Great to Hear.
pretty ironic this was recorded
Thanks for posting OP, much love to the [NAME] out there.
This feeling is so bad
[NAME] was very athletic
thanks! That helps
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Upvoted twice because this is EXACTLY what they think it is and it sucks rat balls.
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies. 
Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.
Truly incredible work ;)
Celes represent well her talent tho
That's not a denial 🤔
And let us not forget the lord's privilege with a new bride. Ahhhh......the good old days.
I hate everything about this.
Your driving makes me sick [NAME]
This makes me smile.
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?
It's gorgeous
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.
You’re right
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.
I figured just being there is the main help. I will probably ask them as many questions as they ask me.
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. 
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.
Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.
The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].
Considered going for the 1st time this year, then I see all the ads targeting kids specifically. Feels weird as a 26 year old seeing all this..
So glad my mom didn’t act this way when I was diagnosed.... oh, and my mom was smart and vaccinated me
oops, my bad.
Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.
Now, remember, this is a very dulled version of what were used to considering they’re still riding the super bowl high from last year. 
their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.
This might actually be one of the few cases where parallel poly will make sense, then ^^
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!
I think peach is hotter but not her attitude ha
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy
He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️
Baby you was right
Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.
Yes I love that show! I need to watch the last episodes now that I think of it
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.
That isn't in the rule.
Hopefully we will se [NAME] at least as a sub. We love you [NAME].
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times
I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.
This is hilarious
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.
Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.
Very sure they are metal.
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious
I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.
San Junipero. What if old ladies could fuck, using the Matrix!?
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless
Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb
I'm nauseous
"[NAME] was the ""socialist"" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning."
YES BOYS.
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.
What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!
I'd really like to see one of these red-striped zebras.
Just say that you don't like it. It tastes of blood, tears, and death.
That was sexy
I love this meme
I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
you da real mvp!
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.
but this girl said no make out lmao she just want a cuddle buddy till marriage XD
New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii
I appreciate this reference very much
Nah no offence taken! Just trying to keep things civil HAHAHA, it’s all good my man. 
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.
Demonize - to portray as wicked and threatening. It's not hard to demonize someone when they regularly demonize themselves.
Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.
This team is so untalented.
Thank you for understanding <3
Can't even do that anymore :(
I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!
Sorry, an errant surge of frustration 
I care. How are you today?
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.
Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. 
Yes, and then look hurt when you glare at them for causing a scene and/or not being just as tickled as they are.
LOL where did you hear that?!
Fuck the cubs
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.
i don't think we really need to sign anybody to replace [NAME] assuming that pulls through, we can go small ball with [NAME] at the 4 or [NAME]
because [NAME] awesome.
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! 
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.
That escalated quickly.
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?
As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.
I love this so much
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. 
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole ""man up"" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol"
"""Sigh"" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it ""Upvotes angrily"""
Oh ok sorry
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well. 
Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.
"That ""Duff City"" belt is an amazing touch"
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.
The Grappler was fun to use, but way too strong.
Hell yes 😁 I loved it.
Ahh you poop too much
Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain! 
It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness 
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)
Have some humility
Such a great thing to hear. Setting aside my very immense distaste for SA, this really just makes me happy. I love our country.
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while
Unlucky, pricks.
Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha. 
Thanks for the response!
This is so scary. Keep safe! I would put fencing up and become a licensed carrier at that point. Sounds like crazy druggies!
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996
You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)
In hindsight, yeah, but we had a healthy [NAME] at that point.
"""Highline poles""; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. "
It’s such a good show tho
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
Thanks for posting this.
I've got my sticker peeled off, nasty desperate notes left on the windshield, driver door..
Are you really Belgian cause I love it
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one. 
Hipsters love tapes tho.
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!
How the fuck do you moan tho
wat u fecker
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... 
Damn this is really uplifting.
Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.
Hahaha yes, exactly!
JV for AD - i know its lopsided, but we need to swallow that pill.
Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏
Did she do it yet? I refuse to look.
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!
Oh that also would have been good. Plus, breaking pottery is so satisfying
why the fuck is this getting downvoted
Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈
Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Enjoy this slice on me 🍰
This is my bestie's favorite song.
Removed and warned. R1
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.
So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess
Nah I’m good. I like my parents and their food.
That’s so nice! Kindness like this makes my heart happy.
He's not wrong.
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.
I work from home but I still get up early for me time. House is nice and quiet at 6am.
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
[NAME] is pretty af
But I love solids
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.
This is a very good meme op but I hope you're doing good:)
Ok so the scape goat is gone. No more excuses now [NAME].
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.
She looks like one of my exs always feels weird seeing her about
[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76
Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.
I love how sly you are being
I'm glad you managed to find your own fun and most probably made a big contribution for this great ending. The whole masked rogue idea was amazing
Aw Thank You.
How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh
[NAME] will be the 2nd best player in Juve team now.
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot
"Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it ""progress"""
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.
Looks great but am I the only one who can't hear anything?
This is terrible advice
I'm crying right now, I don't know why. Doesn't even make me feel anything. 
I still like beer.
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar
I like in Iowa. The weather part is true
Oh we’re TANKING tanking
Happy cake day!
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.
Too ugly for love/romance/sex/dating
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.
Yes officer, this one here
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.
Like I said, funny. 
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol
Calm down.
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous. 
I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top
Amazing shitpost.
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That. 
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh
To be honest, I have complete sympathy for this woman and she needs help, not prison. 
I’m on it. Will be recruiting family and friends as well. Thank you 🙏🏻
The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh
I understand why... But it's so sad we have to lie... It breaks my heart...
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.
Well, I say good luck to you !
Thanks. I'm in the same boat about being against therapy. Good luck to you too.
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.
That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?
When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions 
Too bad =(
*tomorrow Thank you for this.
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.
Yeah, hah. 
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.
They both crazy
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy
I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.
That's a very smart move. Anyway, congrats gamer girl, this is epic!
It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.
This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! 
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?
"My favorite so far is ""national emergency declares national emergency."""
They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.
I liked the Japandroids for that one year
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning ""god"" would actually bless you lol but thx "
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!
I really hope this is what happens.
Couldn't have said it better myself
I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.
Drink off those hangovers boys, we have the best team in the universe to watch
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.
I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis. 
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s
There was no need to crap on this guys feelings but you decided to anyway. At least you did the right thing a helped him dodge a bullet.
I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]
Where do I sign up, then? Haha.
RAIN was amazing Strange seeing [NAME] and [NAME] looking so much younger
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland
Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.
Hello! [NAME] is beautiful but I’ve only been once. I never had the whisky so I can’t even argue haha.
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.
Lol I need to see this movie again.
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!
Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.
As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.
Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range
Most underrated subreddit.
"Same here. But I thought ""[NAME]"" is a fitting name."
That’s awesome, congrats! 
happy early birthday OP! have fun !
Oh good I’m not the only one. Hello my people.
This is it thank you so much
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.
No, go home
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]
And why isn’t it ranked average, Bayern are second most average but ranked 4th for most supported, cmon now they just had less games....
Ah, my bad. Always mix em up. Thanks for the correction!
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.
ooh a piece of candy
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.
Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.
Good video, friend
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn. 
"""Feed the wars and fuck the poors"" is pretty much their policy."
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.
This live action version is good but whats the original anime?
[NAME] for sure. I really hope we don’t lose [NAME] though. He’s basically our ace for the moment.
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] 
Despite how much the Liberals and NDP apparently hate each other they really do work well together.
Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out. 
That sucks :( are you guys still in good terms though?
Glad you got her back! Fantastic way to start off the new year with good news!
Simply amazing.
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].
[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..
Kids are awesome
You’re good, no worries
this is amazing
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!
Thank you. Well said.
[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).
Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.
I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !
If your friend ever decides to go public with their content, make sure to let us know. We're more than happy to promote them. 
My goodness I didn't even know this existed. This is my first time seeing something like this. Pretty cool stuff.
fuck the caps!
Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!
Yep, they’re women’s shoes!!
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol
This is an incredible insight I've never thought of before. loyalty vs disloyalty, compared to care vs harm, I mean.
Real class A asshole there
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.
You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️
Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks! 
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'
Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.
That is not a law. It's a freaking poem that someone decided to write.
You nailed it!
May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.
442 is how many goals we're scoring today
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.
I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.
That is profoundly messed up.
I'm glad you're doing a bit better. Sorry about your grandma. Good luck.
So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness 
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game
This is the most accurate representation of BO4 I have seen yet👍👍👍
Lol I felt like I was reading my own tinder story...
Lol hows that different then [NAME]
Went on a date with someone whose 8 years older than me. She didn't realize I was only 20. Whoops.
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye
"[NAME] was caught stealing his neighbors newspapers. He pockets all the money that is given to him and he does not use it effectively. [NAME] sad ""life"""
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:
that sounds absolutely adorable!! im glad you had those kittens there as a distraction :)
found it already but thank you
Happy cake day!
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week
Get out. And take your facts with you.
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?
[NAME]... Nice
Sorry im a french guy
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.
Good looking calamari.
Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]
No I dont think I said that anywhere
I low-key love his YT channel, he's genuinely an interesting and good person
Because killing people is wrong?
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos
"I didn't say ""do it for the children,"" but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you."
"This feels more like ""Lofi Rock"" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.
Good demo
bless his heart
A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.
PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.
yay another let's keep nerfing survivors to the ground patch... fun
I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh
ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday. 
I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.
Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.
Dont see why she is attractive, she looks like a chihuahua with watermelons on her chest.
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today
Laziest team I've ever seen.
"""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"" /s"
My man!
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.
Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down
I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.
Glitter is awful for everything
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.
You're an awful human being.
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.
Thank you. It doesn't sound so bad, at least on paper.
Thanks! Will give them a call!
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown. 
I love that you know this tidbit!
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far
This actually happened but no one clapped
He's not alt-right. He's just the normal clutch pearling conservative. He's like an annoying villain from an 80s movie.
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.
Does Instagram and Facebook have these nested ads/ articles? I’m not on social media enough to notice. Well Reddit, but I never see ads. 
Great for domestic workers.
We both will be having a read at these links, thank you! 
I will not be preposition shamed. but yeah, you're right
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(
Ah good ole no child left behind
It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already
[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.
this is super cute, i love it
I cried more here than in Star Wars.
I see what you saw there.
Damn, good luck dude hope it goes well.
Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.
I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.
that tease tonight lowered my hopes
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad
False. Drop bears.
Thank you so much!
I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.
Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.
He's played the best ball of his life the past few weeks. Didn't see this coming though
"I sure as sugarplums aint seen any ""gives"" around "
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.
I’m so glad I have my own car
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART
Not everyone find it meaningful, but it helped me and my friends at least :) Hope others may find it useful too
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.
Disgusting amount of oil.
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.
I might be able to help. A/S/L?
Don't be a [NAME] and misuse this term. We've reserved it for a movement of women who are done with sexual harassment.
You're didn't vote for her you are obviously a racist, sexist, homophobe, you're the worst kinda person.
Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral
[NAME] is on fire!!!
Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks
This is so good!
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.
This comment is complete garbage.
Bestest boi.
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.
Because you're not making one in any coherent way. As such, I'm done. 
Just another above average looking girl who works out for a year and gets a million followers for posting her ass. We live in a society
You will be fine.
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol
I feel like the world just doesn’t want [NAME] to have the spotlight. This is torture for a [NAME] fan like me. :’(
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all
That's gorgeous!
black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. 
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.
This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out
[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair
shut up, [NAME]!
Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!
Australia... Nooooooooooo!
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].
tailing... BOL!
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
We’re honouring good King Billy. That’s also how we decided which [NAME] brother to buy.
"""Electricity scam""? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot."
I think that's a minority, not the majority there.
this actually made me LOL, thanks
With just coffee and nothing fancy I did love the Komodo blend back in the day.
Married to the love of my life. LOL
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️
Thank you, I'll try that. And yes I'll definitely thank her if I see her again.
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.
True dat. I’m an AFC guy, but I’m even more an AFC West guy. Send the [NAME] home, Chefs!
I'd still try to pet it
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.
Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!
loving the salah hate
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: ""I want [NAME] out"""
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.
Your funny, thanks
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times
When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person
Now THIS IS shitposting
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
I like both.
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.
[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.
That would be cool
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.
The shipping container are my friends, damnit
Oh, goodness!
4th generation representing!
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes
You poor poor fellow
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud
Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.
I wish for world peace!
She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.
I dont know this one (new or yet another alt) I can't take people seriously when they have a hidden agenda for these questions
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.
If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄
This is very helpful, I'll dive into these links thanks
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop
Hah. Thanks!
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.
[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere
No worries. Glad you like it
Exactly. He is doing a diet trend that just happens to be meat-free.
That was a great interview
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse"
Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.
I finished high school back in 2010 friend but yes good luck to me for the weekend 😎
"Because he's an anti-science fool, like other irrational ""environmentalists""."
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.
what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving
"They could have checkmated the ""journalists"" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work."
My life has been destroyed
Can't wait to see the corporate oligarchs that are *lucky* enough to *randomly* get picked.
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.
There must be some awful things happening right at this second
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.
Great point.
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.
Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick 
Thanks [NAME]!
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!
*people’s ..this is awkward
"""THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"" "
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.
It was pretty cool seeing him play all the horrible games based off his childhood stardom on AVGN’s YouTube channel. Fucking [NAME].... Bane of my childhood.
I guess you were hoping for love from someone who is not well enough to offer love.
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.
Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day
Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never
I can definitely see this one
This is my favorite wild memory
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable
Well, I'm glad you're out of all that now. How awful. The way they act, they make you think healthy boundaries are you being hostile.
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens
People would still always parry them (600ms) :(
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description
what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete
Love it.
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon
that was absolutely beautiful
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....
I work at an R1 university, with most of my team composed of CS/CE undergrad students. Yes, I've known many...
wait, no more [NAME] SJW pwned vids in my recommended? YOU DARE DISGRACE OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR?
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(
I liked the charlie one more.
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.
Have you told this story before? It seems really familiar.
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.
You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!
Yeah, right.
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.
It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.
Nothing happens. However, I'm glad that ICOs have ceased to appear. 
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down. 
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?
There's a sweet spot. Pathfinder Kingmaker has important lines voiced, and others are just text. It works great.
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.
Thank you! Yeah, she won't take bs.
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.
“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back
I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.
Sorry. Bad day.
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.
"THE IMAGE ASKS ""WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"" THE ANSWER IS ""NEH"""
Lol, that actually sounds kinda like [NAME]' rallying cry! 
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies. 
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!
Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.
Interesting how [NAME] leads his team in BPM and RPM every year while not being the most important player. Defense and efficiency matters.
Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.
Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.
Thanks for your opinion. It's highly respected lol
Haha damn this put a huge smile on my face! Good job on handling that situation. This almost deserves it's own post!
The Iowa State Cyclones are my favorite college basketball team.
There is... use a credit or debit card.... lol it hits instantly I just did it literally last Sunday
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
I agree with everything. Yet, society and its stupid outdated, conservative norms see it otherwise.
Thank you!!! /s
Rain and snow, the whitetail mountains would have looked so nice covered in snow
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming
I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.
Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.
Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.
oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢
I see, thanks for the clarification.
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!
I'm okay with killing babies in general. I mean, mastification is the cornerstone of my diet.
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;)
That’s really cool of you to do man!
I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.
I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.
I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck! 
Yeah, it's too expensive to eat out all the time, even if its fast food. 
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....
Oh. My. [NAME]. I can’t handle this
I like how because it’s on topic you assume everyone involved is making it their entire being. Lmao.
Of course not.
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:
Oh cool. Did everything else that got listed not happen either?
5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.
CIA?... Yes, this one right here.
That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically
Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare... 
Yea just went yesterday and the woodhaven area didn’t seem too bad. Seems very country for being only 25min from downtown.
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know
Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act
This mode is dead. Sorry :/
Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.
Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS
Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy. 
Well new years eve people can hit it with some luck in my area haha
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg
I promise you it would for most people. You're just spoiled with having the mountains 45 minutes away.
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him
That isn't the issue. The issue is shilling your channel.
Not anymore it seems.
Lol good talk
OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!
Erin's is so precious
Wow. Yes
lol eat your own farts Trumpkin
Thank you kind internet stranger for listening to me. I feel a little less alone for the moment.
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring
I hate when these crooks say it ain't so cuz it is🇫🇷😤
Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4
Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.
now thats a good use for a glue gun
this is so unbelievably adorable
So THIS is the Bad Place!
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?
I don’t understand why you got a couple downvotes. I found your comment quite funny.
A car. Let someone else eat the immediate depreciation and break it in for you.
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go 
can't wait to catch me one of them suckers
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point
I would love to be woken up by that
Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.
Many thanks!
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.
That's how you're supposed to serve a pretzel, so it doesn't go soggy whilst lying flat on a plate. 
That was horrible defending what the hell
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred
They're so scared
Ya, because it’s funny and relatable
Thanks for the support
i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius
I heard rumors of this. From what I understand the plan is to set off nukes to get the core spinning again. Awesome Movie Reference BTW!
we roll tonight to the guitar bite. and for those about to rock, I salute you 
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
This is beautiful and accurate
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong
Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. 
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!
Major props to your mom!
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(
I hear lobsters are great
He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?
Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/
Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.
Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.
Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.
Such pretty kitties!
Boy where is you. We use to race on the parkway in highschool lmao.
I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming 
[NAME]! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The [NAME] are taking over!
Agreed but I’ll still take kpins if they’re available
I love those moments
this guy is such a douchebag
There’s a special place in hell for u
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).
Sorry for having a working brain :3
That tiny shoulder pad is freaking adorable.
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.
Worst feeling ever
I didn't even think about counselors or talking to my obgyn. That's a great idea! I really appreciate the advice and encouragement :)
He does look much better
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul
How is this cable beneficial to Belgium? Who agreed to this?
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. 
They’re so angry!
Got boomhauer(?)(boom-how-er) pretty right tho his character was apparantly a [NAME].
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research
Good deal, thanks
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.
The cringe is just beautiful
Ok, thanks for the clarification. I don't find it compelling but I appreciate your time and patience.
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.
Ah, I love a quality rant, OP. Please keep up the good work! :)
Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable. 
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.
I have considered that, and if is possible, I will see where it leads me, thanks.
I love you
< video does a good job explaining push/pull.
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort 
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!
Thank you all for your responses! Some new info for me is giving me hope again lol see ya on the battlefield
Something cute and fluffy who gets to nap a lot, lol.
That's really interesting.
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!
I like the pig because shes stealthy
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here
Don't hold your breath!
I don't believe you, but even if that were true it still harms nobody
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.
I hate that myself
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.
Pretty much lol
It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring. 
This is an excellently written response, thank you for offering her your support. 
Oh, sorry
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(
Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.
wow great news . happy for him
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!
Nice try FBI.
>You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.
Lol what boyfriend
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?
You were so close.
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude. 
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx
this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)
Oh no, her eyebrows
Good luck my friend!
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful
I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.
Yes, I filed for a protective order. Other than that, there is no happy ending with a narc.
Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man 
lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)
Good luck!
Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.
"""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself."" Thank you [NAME]. "
I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason
My kids did, I’m sure! I hope this card enjoys the bottom of my trash can. 
Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.
That government was not democratically elected. But you knew that already.
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone. 
Agreed. But considering their poor cars were carrying 1200+ lbs of weight, that might slow things down lol
Well, to them that probably was the polite term! That's funny though lol
also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight
Cheers! Let's keep it going!
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️
Kill me, [NAME] 
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn
And in the worst fashion possible.
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe
🙄 i hate these people.
Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.
I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know
lol that was just bad, [NAME] 
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. 
Thanks I needed that.
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.
I thought it may be the industry, but based on other people’s answers here, I’m not so sure :/ 
Awesome me too, can't wait.
That's...not at all what I said. I said I *hoped* they would tell me. [NAME].
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.
Wow.. You must be fun at parties
I'm so sorry. Hang in there.
[NAME] done fucked up.
I liked the slug :(
Hahaha, they are so lost
Much thanks!
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*
LOL, you’re a good sport. In all seriousness pretty cool picture.
I’d love that luxury of time.
Oh boy this aged poorly
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my ""to read"" list."
Ugh thank you everyone 😭❤️
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.
My girl [NAME]. She deserves the world.
Happy cake 🎂 day!
Agreed, even better
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)
Woah, how manly.
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.
You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*
Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.
"PR is more than just ""optics"". It ain't a new term either. "
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.
You can't be serious
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol
Not at all! It’s my pleasure
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me
very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!
lmao she WHAT
Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety.
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]
Empire was extremely popular at first. I think it gradually got worse after season 2. Those first two seasons were great though.
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks
Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending
He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)
A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick
account got suspended lmao
[NAME] what an asshole.
It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...
Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.
nah [NAME] ditto is a bad idea. Unless the marth is really bad he's gonna get 4 stocked quick
Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.
Happy cake day bot!!
"Hey, I bought a few issues of ""Lady Death"" and it was awesome! I wasn't hanging posters though."
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.
You're not wrong
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
nope. not hers.
Those are some nice guns
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!
Wasnt meant to be rude at all.. more like that everything is going to be alright soon
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. 
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.
Very interesting study.
No hate TGR I love you
Just added that information. Thanks
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul. 
[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!
Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.
Wow!! very funny
im in love with this comment
Cursed image.
I think I met you. Sorry if I was a bit standoffish.
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!
"""Welcome to the hydraulic press channel.."""
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute
This is great and Elephant is pretty fun. We went to the clown exhibit last month.
I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...
Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck
Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one. 
I would like a hug
Thanks, I hope I can get through it too. Good luck with your futile attempts to sleep :p
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.
Good [NAME].
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.
This is where the fun begins.
Lol I get it
Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol
I agree. It seems the recruiter is a poor communicator and I think that is where some of my apprehension is coming from.
Last week was her week. She killed everything about that episode
no one loves me
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)
The man and dog have been spotted running past [NAME] and nobody is helping! I would help but I just had my nails done.
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.
I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.
): hope the goose is okay ):!
I’m getting visions of bitcoin private all over again. Good luck guys.
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... 
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter
This gave me a laugh on this shity day thank you
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol
Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.
I'll Google it, thanks again!
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you
"""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny""."
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.
It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.
Welcome to non union states!
Wow. This would suck
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him
That looks amazing
Thank you, brother.
There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome
They mug you and ruin the country
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad
It sure is! Thank you!!
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?
Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.
In the 50s my aunt was 6 weeks old when a flu virus caused inflammation of the heart and she died. So there's that, too.
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.
What an effort! Lets Go Pens!
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama. 
Welcome home [NAME]!
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.
Good for you, [NAME]! You deserved a nice drink to end a year where you made an impact in peoples lives! Cheers!
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.
I just discovered her channel recently too! She's hilarious and I love watching all the diet tryouts.
This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room
"How about ""Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."""
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.
Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.
Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
You should play PoE its a better game in every single aspect, you'll love it.
Sexual frustration.
So excited for the mauve album
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.
I will try to pay better attention. Its definatly not just ambient noise. I think you might be on to something with the packages.
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.
You’re being downvoted for making a moronic comment - not for your “heroic” efforts here fedora...
I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who don’t read fully before you get enraged and comment.
Walmart is a special kind of hell.
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)
At least it's decent pay. Lol.
Wow OP sounds like you're really skilled at opening your legs, you're parents should be proud of you, STI and all.
Thank you for taking the time and effort to try and understand, you sound like a good friend
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.
Thanks for this detailed response, it's given me a good understanding of what I am dealing with
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid. 
You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.
Thanks...One year in making, I hope it gets the love it deserve. 
That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable
Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately. 
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.
Rip hot chocolate 2019-2019
Glad you got to see a good one!
Underrated joke... haha
Please don’t murder me
Thanks, as a Vietnamese [NAME], I love cheap Viet lunches!
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money. 
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.
Haha, that’s meeee! 
I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are
But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. 
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.
At the discretion of NI, which is currently lacking any Assembly or proper representation. Good luck with that.
This will pass and you will be stronger because of it
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.
"Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *""cringey""* and uncomfortable and stressful"
You have great points. !delta
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really
That is incredibly disheartening.
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.
Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.
Oh man this gave me some flashbacks to awesome times playing with my dad
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.
$70... Now that's a good price!
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees. 
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly) 
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers! 
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that). 
Thank you I love you
I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.
I agree with this statement
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro
The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.
*Bud Light presents...real men of genius. 🎶 Mr Take Your Cat Up Tiger Mountain On Your Shooooulderrrrr* 🎶 
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, ""I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.
Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.
Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.
I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.
Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great
What’s wrong with this
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.
I love this idea
That’d be amazing
She's so cute! Give her all the huggles
omg [NAME] is so pretty
Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.
I will try that! I have never really tried balancing exercises but will give that a try too! Thank you.
This is horrific
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.
This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.
If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut
Yeah I just googled that, I still wouldn't call them my favourite restaurant but its cheap!
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.
That’s really cool! How did you do this?
I hope so too, she deserves it.
Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.
Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!
I love my audio technica AR3BT
Kill him the sinner
Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.
Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family
Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty. 
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol
"I work at a salon and we have a ""no kids unless it's their appointment"" rule. It's amazing."
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....
"Now you ruined the surprise!"""
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO
Thanks!
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors
That is genius.
To be fair, we’re still missing CP3 and [NAME]. This game has been pretty ugly overall though. 
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!
I like your style.
Icing on a cake of sadness.
I think I'm kinda the same way like I change up so much everything I say feels like a lie... See just did it again. Fuck.
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps
Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned
Losing to cruz azul smh
Ah that's so cool!!
I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys.... 
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.
He’s better than [NAME].
I eagerly await [NAME] rush meta. >=)
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year
Thank you, I've been looking for this forever.
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.
Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no
Holy shit.
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.
It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us
I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.
Oof, that was efficient 
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.
[NAME] fuckin sucks
You look so happy now 😍 Hope you are doing well and that you get everything good you deserve. ❤️
"Lol thanks, yeah you need to ""legitimize"" the being hacked part and build from there. "
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!
They still make VCRs? This makes me happy and I’m not quite sure why.
😂😂 she really is. I can’t stop laughing. She’s a fruit loop!
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.
[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.
I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]
That sounds simple and good
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. 
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.
Your sacrifice will be remembered.
This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.
Don't do that i think its dangerous
You don't suck, jazz is amazing man. Thanks for a album to listen.
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?
this is so sad Alexa play despacito
Thank you for being proud of me!
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again
"""Fake neeeeeews !"""
NFL level catch
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.
Good job...
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.
Nobody has been banned lol
Burn themall!!!!
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.
It's a shame that anyone has to deal with that sort of feeling. I'm sorry that you had a similar experience. No one deserves that.
You need HELP!
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.
I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.
Damn it.
I actually enjoy watching this while eating
But the alt right love him! /s
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.
Most of us think it’s just a conditioning thing right now, but we don’t really know
Doing a good job getting Dell involved.
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!
The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.
How dare you disrespect [NAME].
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)
Did you win? We need one positive thing out of this disaster of a Saturday night.
Because it was funny and people liked it. They otherwise do a pretty job of preventing memery
"Or more aptly ""OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"" As you see me run away."
This guy's an idiot lol
stop hurting my feelings
[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!
There was no Israel then dumbass!
Thanks again.
[NAME] man hope your luck changes soon. I’m sure they’ll patch it up in the future
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.
Pretty
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well
A man of fine taste!
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.
For the love of [NAME] stop making him relevant. Please.
[NAME] yer fucked.
Are those both not true statements? Everyone loves attractive people, even employers.
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.
Thank you! I was hoping somebody wpuld post that video since I couldnt think of what to search for.
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol
oh man that actually sounds gross in that context
please stop pointing your fingers in my face
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box
For real though, I do apologize. That's a bad run of luck for sure, it's such a rare syndrome 
Laughed. Out. Loud
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.
"Love how she was able to find a 'rabbi' from N anti-Semitic group to ""prove"" her defense of anti-Semitism. Just fantastic. /s"
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!
Omw. When my man sends me that I get all warm and excited cuz I know I get to spends the next couple hours or days with him
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.
The worst thing about this is, there is a good joke hiding deep down somewhere. Someone just used a jackhammer to retrieve it
I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league
This is amazing. Love these edits.
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.
The papers listed at might be of help.
Thank you so much!
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.
You got shafted.
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.
I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.
Apparently government cares about the environment about as much as many of our neighbors.
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.
What the actual fuck?
Oh that's lovely.
Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox
"Some do, others say ""Thanks""..."
I second that. What goes up must come down. And to OP, i hope you find peace and clarity. Good luck!
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.
good cause i don’t want it!! haha.
I love how nobody posting here to decry the buzzfeed article is using their actual accounts, they’re all throwaways. Cowards. Just like your felonious President.
Thank you!
Thank you so much.
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.
Reality is often disappointing
Do you fucken mind
ah thats my bad, she just finished the blog and im sharing it around, one sec and ill edit it. 
This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who snorted at it!
u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.
I wish I could be as cute as that :c
Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.
So glad she died
[NAME] endorsed [NAME], for one epic fail in that regard. I prefer to make my own informed judgement call, thank you very much
We've sucked ever since he got here. Just saying
That sounds a little paranoid
Ah, thank you :D
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately
I never thought to look for this subreddit! Thanks for sharing. I love this show
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10
I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it
Have fun.
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.
Well damn wish I could use venom too.
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?
I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%
Free with a price of $600+ if you want full standard collection or maybe $300+ if you grind with no life. What a deal!
She has some really good dance moves honestly!
that day humanity received a grim reminder
Obviously, there's only a few inches, but I could never really see any improvement. i thought it would be a good supplement option for you.
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.
thats one proud daddy!
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]
Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.
Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after
happy to help
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight
No, so it's not our kingdom
Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal. 
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism
God [NAME] is awful
Well you're lying about my pun being better bitch
Thank you. I’ve been feeling a bit better since they make people happier.
Gorgeous cats, poor babies
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.
Like idgaf if it’s fortnite themed I need those in my life again
Weird flex but okay
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!
Don't give yourself so freely to people who don't value you.
Nope. Sadly early 30s
3h late comment. have fun at school !
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India
Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.
Lmao this is hilarious not cringe
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.
One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format
Lol it's a bit of both I think.
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now
That’s beautiful
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit
A site was the good site on old cobble, so they changed it and left the awkward B site alone. Thanks volvo
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles
It's not his job to train you.
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.
Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party. 
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too
Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.
Their album is awesome, too.
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo
Thank you, I know my OHIP Is up to date as I have my health card in my wallet and I updated it myself when we moved 
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
Happy cake day man
Leave me alone :(
The no rape was my favorite part, so glad people agree
[NAME] is ruining the Pittsburgh Steelers culture...don't fucking @ me. Sinking fucking ship
I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.
I’m sorry
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats. 
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!
Dont worry guys, its all sanitary. He hit the wrench with some WD40 before he started.
I feel with him...
That is SO cool
Always down for some Liverpool love
[NAME] damn cummonists
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that
Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves. 
He is so boring ....
Thanks. Wish he liked me
"Oh, the ""Thomas the nuclear bomb""? That scarred me."
You don’t need Radom sex, you will find a man who will give you what you need. Love,respect,and well.. you know..
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.
I hope Thier friends now
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D
depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope
"It makes for awkward conversation when I ask ""What's your favorite song?"" And I get ""I just liked the shirt"" in response"
More like 11 feet up, but still painful. 
I suspect wilful idiocy to sell books and merchandise to the even more idiotic.
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. 
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].
Yes - 21 of the cases were kids
I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!
Love it.
No... that's literally our first rule.
This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.
are u ugly?
Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕
I hope thats true.
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.
Nice job. I'm surprised not a single one of them used their CC immune ults or had beads. That is usually really important in assault.
"If by ""better"", you mean ""more fun"", then I'd go with the second one. <smile>"
It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light
You’re right :(
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic 
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:
Sweet summer child
Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>
Who the hell has all these power tools but no hammer
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.
Wish my life was this easy :’) Lets just hope she didn’t kill you
Thank you my friend
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!
Congratulations on the low quality come back. Hopefully one day you can go to therapy to work on your resentment to bartenders. ❤️
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.
You have social anxiety go see a doctor
Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible
Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! 
And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!
You're gullible enough to believe them.
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.
I’m interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;)
Me, it's too cute for words.
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game
That's exactly what I would expect [NAME] parents to look like lol
Mate, you're proving my point.
It's fine, I just don't want to take the time out of my day to make food... or wait for food.
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy
>It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
Yea he’s a good shooter love playing as him in MyGm
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. 
His name also references UGA.
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]
What the fuck is that horrifying picture
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational
Eww that would mean creating a facebook account.
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.
This was beautifully written.
Stay strong [NAME]
HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!
"Except for ""fighting liberalism"". Happy cake day."
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective
Thanks i really appreciate it.
holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.
I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot
oddly enough, i really like it
yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!
Sweet, congrats!
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.
I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.
So true, thank you for posting this.
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.
I've actually been teaching myself R lately for this exact purpose, I'm super excited to check out your book when you're done with it. 
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.
Yep. Seriously painful to read
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.
Shithole universe i mean.
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.
[NAME] died for our shins
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news 
Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes. 
Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season
😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .
It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show
Lmao “9 times out of 10” okay
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.
Love it!
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
> Get used to it, the cons are back. I just wish that they were pros instead of cons
Yeah you're right. That's the problem. Not guys thinking it's ok to message someone they haven't matched with outside of Tinder.
"""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""
Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.
Wow, way to disregard history completely.
I love it. The only thing faker than their lies is them. I’m glad the girl was able to get her divorce.
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry
my mistake :(
I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.
Best decision of your life.
You said an untrue thing. Own up to it, asshole.
Counter's clean, you're welcome!
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary
And Arsenal fans hated him as he left them for his boyhood club, which made his great performances against them all the sweeter
Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay
If this is the kind of game you enjoy, you should REALLY check out Blades in the Dark!
It gives me hope as well!
Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.
Which was in 2017. Enjoy your loss and shush. You'd think having 1 win in a month would humble you...
The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.
A news source putting out sponsored news is inappropriate. Stop reading BBC i guess
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️
Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!
I kinda wish people memed him a lot more because he has so much comedy potential. I hope my words inspire to meme him more
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.
I must go, my people need me
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better. 
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware. 
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...
lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone
Nice try..Hulu exec.
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.
People need to stop excusing bad behavior
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit
[NAME] “Good! It’s such a distraction to the team!”
And perfectly perfect.
[NAME] damit you got me! Take your upvote sir!
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem
I look forward to it.
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.
Zionism is the ISIS of [RELIGION]. Brainwashed idiots like ISIS.
Lol stfu really
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus"""
Sorry don’t follow you.
rich people usually tip the worst lol
There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed
It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.
So cynical! 🙄 😂
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?
Old people sure do love their cable news history
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]
How many wins do you got like 200 lol
Nice, thanks man
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?
Your username sort of checks out? Lol
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.
The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done
at least you found it
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!
Your friend should be disowned by their family
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.
I love [NAME] as a player. I still think the best is yet to come with him. Just praying he stays on the field.
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.
You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic
Please get your soy away from me, i’m allergic.
Those women are the worst.
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].
I kinda feel like you may be my auntie. Florida?
That’s cool. I didn’t know they had cameras like that. Thank you for sharing :)
I would like a link as well, please. :)
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.
I love that whoever was filming zoomed in knowing what was about to happen. [NAME]
That's my wife ❤
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle 
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].
Is there some scripture you could quote me? I'd like to read up on it just to be sure for myself
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing ""fiire"""
This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations
Dude is gonna end up playing in his boxers one day lol
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.
pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it
Thank you for sharing, I hope your mum can find a partner :)
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid
Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again 
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.
You’ve got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie. 
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...
I'm sure he'd love to do that. Just have to get a few others on board first haha.
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.
Wow spongebob was right!
Wah wahooooo!
Loooooool what?
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️
Not really. All pretty random injuries.
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.
A Mass Effect tarot deck would be awesome! That was exactly what I thought when I saw this.
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.
I wish I could cry...
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.
Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!
I think I might like a front end web developer job but not positive since I've always been in healthcare/science
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍
This bit was more fun than it should have been.
Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.
Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.
Season 5 is the best IMO.
Damn that’s a big F from me :(
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself
Um yea. You’re being creepy. Stop stalking her
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME]. 
[NAME] probably won’t like that lol
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!
I regret looking at his posts.
Heaven forbid you do some actual research.
Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break. 
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!
Ah, that's a tryptan, that can have more pronounced effects indeed.
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy
😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible
I love PragerU r/pragerurine
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit
Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done. 
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s
Wow, you are quite the romantic...
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I ""look [RELIGION]"" and get the same hate."
This is a pathetic grasp to hope where there is none, hoping for a top 15 pick isnt going to bring us out of the bottom Look at edmonton
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].
The sheer size of [NAME] now is insane, would love to see him come back at heavyweight 
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.
I like [NAME] better
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.
Wow that’s a fascinating belief
Would love to own a deck like this 😍
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
"That ""Hard work"" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"
Haha colluded? Do you and your friends collude to take pictures together? Such buzzwords you are using lol
[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.
I cringe at every part of all of this
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!
[NAME] I hate Twitter
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.
You're so fucking original
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy
"He looks great in ""Ideal Home""."
Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.
That's slick, would love to see you guys do it.
Looks delicious.
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.
The similarity to cigarette companies is eerie.
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.
no, educate yourself like an anarchist. 
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
"The real worst though is when she says, ""I love you more"" 100% seriously."
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)
You two seem nice.
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.
Absolutely brutal.
I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad
Worth a try to report the bus number, the route and the time to PTV to see if he can get them back. Best of luck!
That IS crazy!
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.
Wow those fruit turnovers look delicious id defo pay 3$ to have one
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.
The best terror
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.
And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!
Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.
Fuck your husband
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!
Yessir, it gives me the creeps. That boy ain't in Scotland, and that boy ain't right.
Yep, the presidency isn’t at all related to the 22nd amendment. Be gone, chud.
You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3
Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...
Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you! 
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!
No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell
Relatedly, my legs are lean because I run away from my problems.
That's a classic. You have good taste.
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!
Nope. I like looking at people.
True to the first, I hope to the second.
Wow amazing, anyone know where can I find more at higher resolution?
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men
It's harder to find a decent picture of him
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates
I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.
Pretty cool.
Missed it by 4 minutes
definitly whining my dude
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show
You have my support.
Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.
I appreciate that. :)
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now
And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly. 
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.
You're back but you're still broken.
don't send that message
I miss their 100 Octane petrol...
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)
You know he humps the hell out of that thing right? Like probably right in [NAME] mouth!
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed
I wasn't aware of that subreddit before. Thanks for reading and for the recommendation!
Thank you!
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.
Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill
This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album... 
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.
It's weird. You might be right to worry.
I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!
I literally, like, hate people like that.
Don't judge our love
Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.
I hope things get better soon. I'm proud of you for getting help and talking about it and wish you the best
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.
I do play League of legends and [NAME] is my favorite character that's why my name has Thresh in it :)
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him
With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.
That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything 
i prefer this
Hugs to you It will get better
Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.
Oh man, I love [NAME]. She's so consistently good. 
Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate
You win one internet!
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.
you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.
[NAME] !!!
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????
I heard about that too
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].
I looked this person up. She’s a real doctor
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.
Alright, thanks again
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge
This is amazing. You look like a video game character whose hair texture hasn't loaded in properly.
Wooow! [NAME] hitting [NAME] with that question! Can’t wait to see that!
Just be sure to take some condoms with you.
Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is. 
I'm glad you liked it :D
Now the 'fun' really starts. :(
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad
So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy ""feminist"" with no perspective whatsoever."
Dear lord this woman is awful
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad
That sounds awesome actually
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘
Ok thank you!
[NAME] damn fruit booters.
No I don't, but I'm assuming they are true for arguments sake Why is more stress relevant or bad? 
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.
Fun fact: you can stop this by removing the prostate that would be epic
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!
"Saying ""don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics"" isn't intolerance."
Arrow already did break this trend by having a mostly excellent S5, definitely much better than S3 and S4.
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.
I refuse to accept that
You really need to stop hanging out with those people.
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol
Living his best life.
This is cursed
Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.
would give gold if I had it haha
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!
Sad but true
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.
Just read up on that guy, not sure he changed that much since his conversion unfortunately. 
Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!
[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo 
I laugh every god damn time.
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. 
That's the best catch I've ever seen
I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...
A 2-day old account, and this is how you decided to use your time? Trolling the teacher subreddit? Ok dude...
"Can you imagine if management was like ""Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."""
good guy win
Great job thanks!
Better slap that car roof.
Calling people on the internet “sweetie”... sweet [NAME] I love this sub. The cringe hurts so good.
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(
Wow that's just like when I sing it
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.
No! My furniture is floating!
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.
Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.
You just made me so happy.
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.
You have much to learn
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.
Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.
I know that's what she said they dont repackage they have to toss them so instead she brought them home
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.
Wow crazy. Proud of her
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.
that would be so cool!!!!
Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].
Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!
Uncle [NAME] doesn’t deserve this
I agree she’s not fat, but that is Photoshopped and posed into oblivion.
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.
its great that she takes care of you, but remember to let her know that she can lean on you
Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out. 
great for on the go! but i’ll always smoke glass if i’m home :)
I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
I like [NAME]. Sue me.
Okay I can see why that is one glorious beard
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.
Damn didn’t see it sorry
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.
I really wanted this to be a real sub.
Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.
you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!! 
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.
thank god your not on the dev team
Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.
thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.
Stay strong.
Love it.
> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season
The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that
Damn that coyote was a fucking noob.
“Enjoy your dinner”
Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.
Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.
And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.
But it looks so cute
Not really, I’m not too sure, thanks for asking 
I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.
I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.
Sweet. Thanks [NAME]
Thank you, lightwaves. Very cool.
Grow up.
Yup. Lol
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.
Happy for you!
Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
This is just too cute.
Happy cake day
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.
I tend to agree with you. They all have innocent blood on their hands.
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
That's beautiful.
"And for your daily dose of ""Saints LoL Meme"" you are still welcome at r/falcons we wont stop in the forseeable future ^^"
"You did not say you thought you did you said ""they both blocked me"" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL."
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!
My rabbit had one just like this before she passed. I hope the animal is okay.
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort. 
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler
It does infuriate me.
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!
Absolutely nothing! LOL
I ASSURE YOU WE'RE OPEN
"""Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that."" - [NAME]"
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes
Thanks for the information!
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha
"""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"""
Thanks for this 😂
I didn't knew people can be so bad until I met a few people online.
check out victim of ritual he's one of the best [NAME] players around and he uses a pad. It's nothing you can't get used to
That's a great start! Amazing. I congratulate you on your self awareness. Some hugs if you want them
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.
Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now
I absolutely hate the guy. Can't stand him. But we live in country with laws and he broke none. I think lynch mobs are more gross
I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.
Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!
The only thing worse than this guy, is an actual vegan lecturing random strangers on why meat is murder. 
This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers
Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one
Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol
[NAME]. Your mom will never be your boys best friend. That part is so cute!
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.
nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks
Thank you mate.
Weird flex but ok
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program
Having long good chats with brother about stuff, got clear boundaries set, thanks all
Betcha he just needed a new tube of that colour for his kit, & thought it'd be funny to mess with your heads. 
I'm lost here
So dumb it's genius.
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo
Congratulations!! Colorado is an amazing place! I just moved away a year ago and miss it terribly :) Best of luck to you!
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.
Yeah but how is that even possible if 99% of girls who are out are with friends? That’s pretty intimidating
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK
That's an adorable horsie
Bless you.
What a unit
There are no words to help heal your broken heart, but I’m sending you as much love and support I can. 
That actually looks super, super cool.
Haha that's amazing.
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂
It’s deeply bizarre.
...and show some respect to her parents!
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level
i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!
That is absurd, man. I'm sorry you don't believe in the spirit realm. 
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help
THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol
You make soap? That's awesome.
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol
Thank you - you may call me daddy.
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
Thanks, I guess? Haha
NOO HES SO ANGRY
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks
"Wow....thank you...you just ""woke"" me up :) "
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.
It’s called concern trolling. Don’t be so gullible and quick to politicize everything.
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!
He believed Ireland had a right to exist, he just didn’t believe in the way the IRA(1919-1921) went about their business. 
damn. Thanks!
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)
So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ✌
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. 
Poor fish :(
All good brother
I appreciate your optimism in saying just a few more years
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.
Just remember I love you
I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.
username definitely checks out
Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.
In what fucking world is this drawing not bad
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...
Thank you!
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly
it’s starting to get weird
Hey, take that grade with all the pride you can muster--no shame in being happy for an accomplishment! Congratulations!!
Good bot lol
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.
He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people
You gotta love the process.
I love him!
DonutLicious in Spring is the most gourmet one I’ve ever been to.
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. 
My bad. Was half asleep while typing and couldn’t remember how to spell😂 I just let autocorrect take over, thanks! Lol
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that
This made me laugh way harder than it should have
wrong place thats hilarious
love that yawn
That’s pretty damn good
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. 
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent 
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.
Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.
The rhyme scheme is amazing
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.
THANK YOU ROY! i was just about to say, how are they just discovering [NAME] being british.
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself
He sounds like a stand up guy. I want his attitude in the clubhouse for sure
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. 
>Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.
My empathy to you.
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.
Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.
Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love
Interesting, thanks for clarifying.
then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible
wtf i hate [NAME] now
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. 
yes it does.
Interesting take there
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container
"Sorry, ""semi"". Happy?"
They should be liable for this abuse. It’s just insane!
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.
Interesting!!
That’s my favorite insult ever
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.
This sounds very familiar...
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?
Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!
I can take the Karma loss, I couldn't help but troll that other post a bit. Some will get it (like yourself).
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain
At some angles you can get a ws4 into a combo but its inconsistent.
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. 
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.
Thanks! I'll check it out! :)
This is so sweet 🖤
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.
If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?
I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM
wow...u wanna say u were never toxic and u never rage okay if u can t do what I asked just go away ok???
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.
this made my day/night. thank you
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]
That does make sense. Thanks.
That's definitely sexism, same with that ad
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep
There is obviously love here. Don’t give up. Talk to each other.
I like how they roll
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.
Don’t worry it will work at some point haha.
I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh 
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.
Good answer -- thanks!
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...
I like your honesty
that was an awful open shot....
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole
This subs favorite game.
damn it, you beat me to it.
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.
Great shot, from experience very difficult. 
Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.
I agree with the last part. Stop getting stopgaps and sign [NAME]...
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.
ah, thanks!
[NAME] looks great
Happy to- good luck!
And that wig is awful
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good
This is awesome. nice!
[NAME] is going to love her!
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]
You are right
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left. 
Okay that makes more sense to me. Thank you
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible 
Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.
Why nothing will change at all ... lol
Glad we got that criminal off the streets! No-good [NAME]. Tsk tsk
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.
Soooo difficult to do.
Im so glad that you have peace today :)
My girlfriend's creepy uncle gets extremely triggered when I point this out, or that a lot of conservatives are gigantic fudds.
This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.
Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.
Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” 
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool. 
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.
Cool Thanks very much !
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?
This is just so beautiful, man! 
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
Seems like you care way too much
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.
Good. Can't wait for the lulz.
Your spine is so shiny! Good for you!
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?
Fam, I fucking love [NAME] play. Gotta be the most exciting dude in the league other than [NAME] when he’s hitting everything from 30ft+
Your market sucks
I cant stand [NAME]
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.
I couldn't agree more.
Man I really need to get back into this show
Yes, yes he did
old ladies are so wholesome
Gotta admit, I chuckled at this one
Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.
Want to get a hangover there 👍🕺❤️
That was his scripted job. Fake.
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth
Yes congratulations that was the joke.
I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)
Cake! Happy days!
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.
[NAME] lmao
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.
[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.
We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.
I think you're right. I've been proactive before and it helped. Thanks and hope this year is good to you as well!
I'll miss the podcast
Washington Post is garbage because it prints garbage. I'll go with the decision by the experts thanks.
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment. 
Ain't that the truth, lol
That fucking Mills charge is FUCKING BULLSHIT
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.
I’m sorry. Your city blows.
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone
That’s awesome man!
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse
Thank you very much. Follow up question what is a suura?
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.
>you never learn anything ever from university This is not true
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.
that's horrifying
Thanks man!
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.
Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.
Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.
Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.
I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.
I'm personally curious why we didnt get a video bit from him. Is he natty or bust? His stuff is great
>very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up. 
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.
This offseason has been so upsetting
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.
I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.
Same, nights are by far the hardest. My STBX and I are living together until June and it nights suck. 
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point
I was hoping that wouldn't be the case, that really sucks man. Hope you find something that ignites your passion again!
"He gets criticized for being too ""showy"" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it"
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot
I love you and I love your style. Nice work. Bullies should not be rewarded
For sure. Thank you.
Dan cool and rich
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.
Ok but it's pretty cute too
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!
Great point.
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!
Man I love that flair.
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!
What's the point of marching for life when you don't respect those living in front of you? I'll never understand these schmucks.
That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.
Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...
True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?
The NHL has the best All-Star events. the 3v3 tournament is so fun to watch.
Please kind sir may I have some more
“Stop replying to me as I send you a message first!” Oh, meat eaters ❤️
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.
This guy - you win.
Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::
Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.
Oh my [NAME] strawberry watermelon menthol that sounds amazing
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.
Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.
Happy cake day brother!
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].
"The true perk is ""knowing all the good local spots"""
Maybe you just don't like women that much...
Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol
Iunno, I laughed.
I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.
Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it
I did notice it because it was widely reported in the media! Just as this would be!
Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...
Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol
So nice of everyone to welcome [NAME] to his rehab like this.
Wow that is one part disgusting and another part a huge waste of time for expecting an entertaining payoff. Warning, this video also includes spoilers for the latest Avengers.
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.
Lol, good luck! Hope it goes well for you (I have no idea how it’s working at all for me)
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.
Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10
Gotta cheat on taxes somehow LOL
He had better get 1st ballot. He's a legend.
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha
Ah ok. Thank you!
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.
If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit
Haha I’m not expecting anything at considering they’re 2,000 miles away from me. I’ll be surprised if she does give me numbers,
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats
one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!
He’s just tired and needs to rest.
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.
Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.
Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?
"You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... ""eeeeexcellent"""
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.
I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.
I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.
Strong and handsome*
I love that
Also thank you for the advice.
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.
They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great
Wow dad, you took a baptismal for me
Ha! Thanks for this.
Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.
I'm a danger to myself
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.
QB Coach too? Shit..
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.
It's sad, but yes, zero. 
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!
If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm
Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?
You’re an angry elf
But [NAME] is fine
That's my favorite! It smells so good without being overpowering.
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.
What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?
Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.
Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization
? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.
Youre fantastic. Thanks! How cute
"""Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors"" hahahah!"
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah. 
"""[NAME] could drown in a glass of water."" LOL. i actually love [NAME], though. i know i'm in the minority."
Thank you I appreciate it
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.
Haha I hope this is real. Look up neti pot. Warm water will soften the paper and come out.
Yeah i know, i'm just stating why it slipped my mind, i'm glad you brought it up. 
Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck
But it's accurate. The other link states he was living in one of the poorest provinces in China. Dude was just an idiot
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.
Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind
You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add ""biting nails"" and he could star in movies!"
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression. 
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)
Thank you alot, I'll link to it in the post
Thank you, LimbRetrieval-Bot! 
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations
Thank you .. I wish I was religious.. I admire religion... My mind just doesn't want to believe..
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.
It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. 
Absolutely adore this
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes. 
Thank you.
Damn, that was dirty.
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them
I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice! 
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh
I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant
"""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""
This is his worst season since his rookie year
Ahahahahahaha!!
I wish I had been born there :(
Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!
Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt
Quit talking about politics.
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!
I signed up!! I hope your Mother has a wonderful birthday!!
I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk
Loved every part of this series so far!! Keep up the good work!
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.
Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.
Thanks, I love it 
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.
And caressing your hair.. I’m not even a woman and that makes me shudder thinking about that
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones
Wow, that was fast
That's great!
Shameless karma whoring.
I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha 
Ew her text is touching her photo, what a slut
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.
I remember your story. Like you, I'm not as active. And also like you, I try and come back and give folks here hope.
I enjoyed [NAME] intermission report where he was very low energy until the end when he squeaked out a HI MOM =D because he's the best
You’re not winning this one. Move along.
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them
Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it
From where I was it looked like the plane banked right past the 505 on its second pass through downtown. Crazy.
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.
Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. 
About as far as I got too, what a rude condescending wanker he is. 
That was glorious.
you're welcome!
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.
Ashamed of being British
Thanks, that's what I was looking for! 
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.
I actually have the complete collection so I can play any of them when I want to!
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.
I suppose you would take on somebody else's terminal illness if you could. That makes you the opposite of a coward.
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].
That’s sex discrimination. The male class has their own bathrooms but the female does not.
Aww, what was your favorite thing you did with him while you were there?
You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.
Welcome to the new normal.
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them
Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.
Very scary.
congratulations :o)
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.
You’re the one who is stupid
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.
I really hope we win tomorrow. .500 halfway through the season would be insanely satisfying... also I want to win lol
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.
Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.
That edge just got fire polished.
How are we going to get a high 2021 pick? Unless we lose a ton of games of course.
Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.
Yeah thanks.
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome
You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.
Holy shit! Did not see that coming! Gonna miss you [NAME] :(
Biting the hand that feeds them
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible 
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.
Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.
Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming
Keep going... 😏😏😏😏
"""Time heals all wounds. Give time time."" Best of luck to you."
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”
Today on someone flamed me in chat
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.
I’m just waiting for the right director to actualize this subversion of our expectations.
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?
I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.
Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.
It would be exciting I guess.
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though
That face is awesome!
Oh thank god, the TV is safe.
Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)
It’s my favorite part of the whole week
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.
Maybe I’m out of touch, but I see 22-14-6 and think that is typically a playoff caliber record.
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
i wish it was 2 hours :(
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.
Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though 
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.
I used to get messages from neck fetishists a lot because I have a long neck lmao I didn't even realize that was a thing
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.
Absolutely. It's exhausting.
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!
I really don’t want the I told you so moment to ever arrive. 😔
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia
I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.
It is a great line though!
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you. 
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.
We love our murder queen
Can't say that I do, no.
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.
At this point, LSC only exists to give socialists a bad name.
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/
Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!
Your husband is a lucky man.
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.
Best email ever
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too
"What I'm suggesting is that since companies are ""people"" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences."
Okay I will, thanks so much you are helpful. I don’t even know if she is into me or anything but... I will see. 
It's a hit headline from coin desk that has nothing to do with the article--which is glowingly positive for Ethereum and the Ethereum space.
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better
Omg yes lol
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*
Ex-Marines are the best.
Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry
lol not bullying. Just a socially aware nerd complaining about how annoying most of my people are. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what. 
Yeah, sorry for that one. Some opportunities are too good to pass up.
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.
That's true.
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.
No? Lol
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story
I like how he called his mom asking if she was trying to contact him just so he could tell her what’s wrong
Right, and the names would be different.
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.
No, no I'm not.
Devils fan here: how good is [NAME]? I'm watching this game and was wondering how he's been and what his potential is
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on
Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.
I was hoping - thank you.
That seems like an issue with you not him
Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.
[NAME] is [NAME].
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.
No they aren't.
Looks amazing! You've reminded me that I need to organise a good hill walk or two this summer.
Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. 
That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. 
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind. 
I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.
Now defeat your dragons and clean your room.
"Nevertheless, it amuses me that they mis-spelled ""literally"", and *only* ""literally""."
of course everyones for sure ML isles lose in the S/O lol
She's passed away.
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh
Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.
But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!
Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol. 
Thanks man I will check into it.
I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!
Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good
I honestly think he’s making fun of you
Excellent, this is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you !!!
I really love that game. It's so chill, I played it a lot. 
This is why we love Football!!!
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.
Don’t laugh the way this game went I actually expected he will lay it in... then reality and [NAME] hit... thanks goodness
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper
Yeah suck it, California
I feel personally attacked.
[NAME] can’t you see, you’re being way too loud for me
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. 
I'm so proud to be british
He must really hate changing dies.
this kid is really good
You seem fun.
It's all so beautiful, right? 
Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!
Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo
YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented
i wouldn’t want to fight me neither
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!! 
That's hilarious.
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!
My hero!
Oh nice I have that one
You're welcome!
"But still, crying ""castrate all pedophiles"" because they could be potential rapists is like crying ""kill all men, they are all potential rapists."" "
I blame all of y'all, y'all told [him he] was funny
Sex dolls/robots are gonna replace them any away. Funny that. 10 years ago nobody would have thought that sex workers would be replaced by robots.
No, I'm saying they are equally critical.
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably
Good advice right here and good things to think about.
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.
Ya it would suck good luck too you and your family man 👨✌️👍👍👍🤜
"I might be a prude. ""Suck him off in the bathroom of your friend's home!"" Those don't equate"
Farewell wonderful traffic. It's been good 2 weeks.
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind. 
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣
I reccomend the lego movie!
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn
I want [NAME] to bite me
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.
I did marry [NAME]
Two horrible cunts
Oh no! He’s right!
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.
I did not even realize he was injured...
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.
I love your writing style!
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha
Both are on the right though.
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way. 
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.
"You know the first thing they're going to ask ""so, are you hungry?"" "
Watch your language, thanks bud
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(
yes. to the above number i provided :) hope it’s helpful!
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks
I really like this play on words.
Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts
They should wear the Burger King too
We haven’t had much luck either. We wish you and Aunt [NAME] the best. Stay strong! Thank you for the kind words.
I already did
Sounds awesome, but I am so out of practice I'd be embarrassed to show up lol.
Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that
Don't you fucken do it
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!
You’re absolutely correct
"Yes, absolutely. ""But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."""
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.
Wow, talk about being [NAME].
[NAME], loved the story. Personally I don’t think this was petty I think it was quite fair and right. Good job dude.
If you think not actively going out your way to insult people constitutes hiding your sexuality I don’t know what to tell you.
I do hate fortnite dances
I don't like sleeping in the couch :(
No. It’s not. This is disgusting behavior and anyone who supports it is a fool.
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.
Well done. I like it!!
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right
i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.
Definitely not Mom’s favorite.
Welcome back you two lol
Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.
That kid has the face of a douchebag
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?
I really hate this jersey and it just doesn't seem like a Sabres logo despite being the most accurate to the name of the team.
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.
This is so amazing 😍
Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.
i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it
Yes, yes you did
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys
Come back here and fight me m8
Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!
was that hutty from [NAME]?? ahhh that makes me so happy. love those boys e: oh it was a rebound
If you're smearing shit between your cheeks merely from standing might I suggest you take a wider stance when popping and maybe get some more fibre in your diet
they should just stop broadcasting road games
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that
ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.
*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.
Thanks! I've just been so irritable. I am proud of myself and my husband too.
I like [NAME]
effective java! It's a classic.
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour
You're not kidding about the savage energy part. Just look at this man.
Apparently not successfully.
Good luck!
What a garbage post
That's a succinct explanation thanks!
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry. 
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)
I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.
That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand. 
2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.
Same. You run a progressive or I will not vote
Careful, he's a hero
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude
dang... that's just crazy.
ooh thems would be nice
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone
"Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole ""milinials dumb"" shit."
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.
Love when this happens. Thank you, oh wise one.
Nope...this master criminal knewe!
That was great, especially as your first video.
[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>
"Seriously. ""Haha british people pronounce something funny"" ""Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt"" "
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.
See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.
I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you
wow octane is pure garbage lmao
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
Thank you, next
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.
Yeah, I don’t trust them either. 
Totally and sorry for that
Nah, just gotta aim better.
You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.
Suck Fat Women.
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom
[NAME] is a good basketball player
At least they didn’t destroy the shoes
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.
Gang beast is really only fun with friends
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.
That was awesome!
You’re an awful troll...
Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.
I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.
I enjoy cycling too much lol
He’s 30 freaking years old and is scared of managing a bank account. *eyeroll*
I wish Florida was a thing for me... But I'm keeping toasty with a little liquor love in Erie, PA... 
Yes I prefer smaller boobs
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.
Thanks, never heard that one.
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. 
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.
Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in
He seems sweet and I think he really loves her.
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.
It was a good sub before the porn took over
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
you are two hot cuties, all the bestest!
[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol
You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.
Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid 
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.
Yes! Love me rotties!
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*
I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub
This video was close to being the most famous video in history
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.
You’re better off going to University
Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong. 
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.
This is how I know I'll have a good time!
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.
Love that car
That’s cute wth
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.
You have just been r/woooshed
Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed 
Wow! Congrats! I am really proud of you. Hopefully you feel better soon. What an awesome momma ♥️
That's really sad and shocking to hear this Really embarrassed to be a human being on this earth...
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here
**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!
As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. 
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.
Therapists hate this trick!
I just see a car incessantly hogging the middle lane despite being undertaken on the inside!
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.
:o thats pretty good. Not what envision my boy [NAME] but I like this alot.
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about. 
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!
"They seem to have very ""sick"" laws in Saudi Arabia. Where women don't have any protection from government against their perpetrators."
[NAME] is my favorite character so I’m super happy they did what they did and I’m very happy she used her semblance, finally. 
"Really love the ""Midtown Yards"" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. "
Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah
That didn't go the way I thought it would
Not cameo, reference sorry
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!
No, thankfully. 
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...
It's crazy I don't get where their finding them
She’s a [NAME] also, but I doubt that means much in the entertainment business..
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out
Wooow! Thank you! Amazing
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on
can he break throws though? just kidding. yellow is the season 2 green, OP dude. keep focussing on small steps. better rank will follow later.
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. 
How to PRETEND to have ice powers? Wikihow, *do you think this is a fucking game?!*
So happy for you two !! ❤️
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago
Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.
Thank you, you're awesome
The suspension bridges are awesome on sunny days
Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid
All I ask is to not embarrass us on National TV like they did against Philly.
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. 
Huh that guy seems cool, they'd probably lop his head off. 
Love Mac n Gold
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important
I'm cringing for you. Good luck in your future after this.
Welcome <3
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.
I wish i could upvote more than once
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.
Did you just call me a *bitch*?? You will NOT disrespect me like this TODAY!
The denials is crazy in here
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar
These are completely unrelated. Please review
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
This is ugly af sry
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.
This sub is very very bad at irony
Yes, I remember when I said that. Thanks for the reminder! 
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.
Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.
"This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz ""guys its alpha!"" Oh' how the mighty have fallen."
Nice ;)
The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding
The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants
Better than selling our souls for a fucking trophy
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.
Amazing. Roasted sweet potatoes as well are dynamite
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.
This is racist
I think Limmy's Show is really hit and miss. Some sketches are funny, others are just poor.
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on 
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol
I wish I was there lol
You can’t
I completely agree they got fucked on that no call. And I absolutely love it.
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball
She looks like a [NAME].
im glad that's not what the game is about then
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at. 
Nope. Just running from people wielding axes like a normal person. Instead of acting like a tough guy on the internet like you.
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.
For those behind stupid WaPo
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):
[NAME] is scary
And KAT with 6. Weird game.
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. 
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. 
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..
That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark 
Old dirty Bastard?
Fuck it; just marry everyone
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.
I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.
Purdue's worst loss is Notre Dame (93 Kenpom) New Mexico is 187 in Kenpom. Good try tho
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha
Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!
Keep fighting the good fight
Let people enjoy things
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?
How dare you hate [NAME]
The “targets” so far has been guilty.
I find the joke chill and reasoned
He actually looks pretty crackin'
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!
Wtf did I just read? That was painful
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.
This is brilliant.
ohh. thank you for explaining!
Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion 
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!
Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.
Get this religious bullshit out of here smh [NAME] doesn't give a fuck about who wins or losses a child's game
I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard
That makes sense. Thanks.!
You're glad Australia was playing politics at a time like this? That's not a vote of confidence in the [NAME].
[NAME] campaign donation at work apparently. Sure didn't take long.
Omg I did the same exact thing LOL
To me he's extremely funny. Love him.
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes. 
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got
As funny as a sinking school bus.
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?
When's he due? (Sorry, couldn't resist)
But he is. He won’t talk to us. [NAME] damnit OP answer us!!
ain't that just a beatiful thought
[NAME] you are a freak.
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.
80 minutes too late
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well
I'm sorry *what*
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!
No, she tried and failed lmao
Have a good one!
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about
That’s a sweet hoodie
>It happens plenty. Good to know. I would have expected to see it on the wiki, especially if many atheists *do* believe in objective morality.
I just had a panic attack!
"I love his reaction. ""That was amazing"""
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns. 
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.
Well that’s horrific
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.
I am happy with North Sydney, Milson's Point or Kirribilli and happy with the 19th too!
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.
That’s sick!
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.
I find it funny the same people obsessed with “owning the libs” call others “intellectually bankrupt”
That's ma'am!
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too
Absolutely you are doing the right thing. She will not take this decision lightly. So be prepared for the fallout now.
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.
Fun game. Good expansion too
I found an understanding of [NAME] degrees of belief and updated probability extremely clarifying
You're welcome
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.
Ha ha ha. That was a good one
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!
Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!
Nice try my guy.
Yeah take a read
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.
Yep, same here. Got way too excited, then logical part of my brain kicked in. 
hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention
Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text
Get out of my head.
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here. 
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. 
thanks i won't click
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.
Still a statistical minority by a great deal.
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.
Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.
Great questions. I don't have the answer, but I'm happy that were starting to discuss it.
Cheers, brother. What are you doing to meet women? 
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)
Wonder no more, this is coming out like next year
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?
Ok this makes more sense now.
Why is everyone smoking out of straws and shit?!
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire
It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.
You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.
No faith! Shame!
[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.
Thanks, that's an important point I should have mentioned. 
You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.
Yeah I guess, still going to try to keep a log of my feelings as a way of venting them and getting them out of my head.
Thank you, I will def look that up. 
We sincerely hope not.
Well that just sounds delightful. Where was the exchange?
Finally some appreciation
He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy
Mf perioded on my new sofa
Someone commented that it's like that friend who constantly talks about their ex, but insist they're over them.
It says I love to make myself laugh
Finding that common attraction or chemistry is extremely hard for me. I can totally relate to this.
If it's anything like what happened in France, I'd assume because it disproportionately affects the poor. 
I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.
No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.
That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
you are definitely trolling us. That can't be true
Thanks. I'm contacting them now.
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative
This is too cute :)
So happy for you both!
I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks
yes, very sexist
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol
Notley-nomics helps grow the economy once again! Thank [NAME] we have such good governance.
This was driving me NUTS!
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.
So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods
This chick is a lunatic now
You goatta be kidding me!
Look, I knew the end of that last sentence in my mind. It's not my fault you can't keep up.
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.
Can we ban this person? Post history is sketch. Thanks in advance!
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.
You are absolutely stunning and you’re a triple threat. Black is beautiful! And you’re intelligent and very pretty.
Yeah I hope so! I really love her but I understand too that I can only do so much! Thank you.
Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half
OMG thank you. Just thank you all
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.
Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. 
Just shut up dude
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.
do your own homework
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.
That arena announcer is irritating.
Lmao the revolution is here haha
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.
Vancouver is such a beautiful city! I visited it for a half a day and really want to go back.
You guys are a problem.
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu
That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness
That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. 
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.
Sweet thank you!
Being adorable mostly
Of all the stupid terms for people out there “womxn” is by far the stupidest
That's how Catholicism works.
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked. 
I love this
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President. 
You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too. 
What a joke
Well done, OP. Thanks.
I am so pleased for you that you are going for therapy. You can really benefit from it. I wish you the very best for the future.
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. 
Here for [NAME], love this.
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.
Why is she the absolute worst
Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!
He could run for President of the US and WIN!
*aggressively tells friend I love them*
Dude you need some help...
sweet home alabama
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.
Seek help.
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.
What a neat gesture!🤗
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!
my fiancé enjoys all the aspie things I do and thinks they're cute. I don't understand why, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.
This is the single most wholesome thing I've seen on reddit. Proud.
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.
Wow. A relevant and amusing Garfield comic.
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that
Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.
Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that
Another picture of [NAME] please thanks
"Lmao ""guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk"". That just sounds dumb as hell "
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.
Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.
i just don’t think we are aggressive 100% of the time
Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.
Thank you noodle, very cool!
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol
That's true deep voices are sexy.
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt
Of course! It's all good buddy! Pretty cool if that's really you!
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude
"[NAME]: ""WTF, it's just a prank bro!"""
Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.
Ya did good, kid. 
Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂
Yeah lol like I'm cool with signing/drafting DL but pls not in the first like 3 rounds lol, much less at 2.
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.
True story? Haha
Go for it. I could use the excitement.
You can humanize and normalize everything.
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.
I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!
I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. 
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.
good point I’ll keep that in mind
Also the world is round.
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.
I fucking hate [NAME]
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.
Sadly that's probably the worst game I've ever seen [NAME] play.
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry
What a pretty young lady
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.
Lol, how much XP you get for that?
after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him
THIS. Thank you for this.
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier
He got It from his moma
This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.
Thank you XD
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.
[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.
Ahhhh That's rich.
That's really interesting. How come?
The worst part is that if you had done the exchange, you probably still would have gotten in trouble. Gotta love retail.
Well...I really am [NAME], one of the original neckbeards, so maybe?
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!
Hah, serves him right.
praise be to the dark mother!
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.
No man. Door wins!
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)
Nice! I’m glad you liked it. Have fun exploring :)
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. "
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.
One million points for Slytherin!
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS
Why did you repost this 7 hours after your initial post!? And to the same sub!? Yo, that's not cool man.
"""We lost good people on both sides"""
You must be fun at parties
Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time
unrelated, but i love your flair
You clearly don't understand alimony.
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game. 
Knowing the only evidence they had was your confession: priceless.
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
"Sounds like another data point for ""fear homo Sapiens"", haha. "
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.
Thank you so much for this link, watching [NAME] was an absolute delight! 
Weird, never had a problem
It's the first two themes in the themes section lol - what game did you get :)
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.
Thanks!!!
Solid as a rock!
The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU
Done, sorry about missing that before.
really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up
My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.
That was truly disgusting
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph
LOL at the tldr. What a crazy story. I'm glad the writer got some friendly new relatives out of it.
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety
Still concluding I’m disingenuous despite getting your facts wrong. Big ego you’ve got.
Great piece, thanks for sharing.
He can do a balloon party with his brony friends
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.
Honestly, it's a great sample of the world as a whole. One articulate person can steer an entire crowd of idiots to do anything.
Some bioshock shit right here.
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(
Thanks for that..
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.
It was totally worth it.
Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊
"""it doesn't count if you're drunk""? Wow.. Imagine that being used as an excuse in other situations."
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person
Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots
wow just shows how confused **I** was Ftfy Pretty fucking clear as day what was going on here lol I honestly don't know what to tell you
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.
Like I said please have a great day !
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...
Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.
Yes my man
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.
Stop crying.
Start taking psyllium husk and literally every poop will be your best.
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] 
The latter is correct.
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.
No worries, good luck!
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.
Yup! Lol
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.
Omg just drink some water then bro lol
I agree with everything you said!
He has never had success
You are a unique woman. Happy for you that you found someone who suits you so well.
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you 
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)
I know I am very worried
I too think serfdom is good
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool
Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record. 
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.
I love those possum dives!
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record
That's awesome, good for you! This sub needs wayyy more posts like this. 
Thanks dude.
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.
It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?
That was straight up reckless
I know many bf who would be excited for that
>Missing skillset >Guy I mean, I don't want to say it's *free*, but it's pretty damn likely.
Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what"
Have a nice day
If you're talking about tfue you're insane. He plays scrims for hours, every, single day. 
Wool will stay warm even if it gets wet.
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.
thank u, thank u
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. "
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything
"Lol ""progressive reformer"". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are "
"You called me a troll and a liar and you're surprised that I sound ""antagonist and confrontational""? Wow, you're impressive. Good talk."
I did not know that, and tbf I did completely neglect my MH between 18-23. Too busy with sex, drugs and alcohol. 
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well
Not my sub not my problem
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me. 
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah
PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha
BURN IT DOWN
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.
YES! Here's to us HAPAs!
Great protest! Not being discouraged by the weather or paternalistic criticism, good on them!
I need this in my veins now.
I don’t think you even know what you are talking about yourself
Good to know 😊
What a legend.
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache
Fuck me daddy
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.
Heat is one of my top movies. The whole thing is fucking amazing.
I had a total of 5 pet chickens. No way I could've ever eaten any of them. Glad that gfather confirmed that Banana Chip was buried.
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.
And this is why men are so against #believewoman
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot 
"Wallah Lmao It's ""voila"""
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.
That was fun.
the idea is bad dude. that's the problem.
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad 
You dropped a ‘want’ in that last sentence my dude
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.
Lol for some reason this made me snort hard. Thank you.
Love this twitter account.
Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!
thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!
I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.
When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately 
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”
Feeling better now?
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!
Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away
I would pay good coin to read that love story.
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.
What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo
This was wild, laughed the entire post
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.
"Was the song ""New Light""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.
I hope that stays on all their programs from now on. Would really add a new element to Corrie.
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.
From my point of view the freefolk are evil
Damn who is [NAME] pissed at?
It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.
You're gross
Perfect. Thanks!
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.
It was. I accept that, and it taught me a valuable lesson.
Thanks for sharing.
yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.
Cholent powered rockets will fly men to the moon'🎶
Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.
wtf i love basketball again.
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.
Happy Birthday [NAME]!
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.
love that the block against AZ is in this. what a year for Kittle.
Good, hope he actually takes that to heart!
The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!
I found some very interesting things on the mind shock podcasts about questions I had. Enjoy the digging in the reddit hole.
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue
That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.
That kid is beautiful
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5
Well, exactly that actually, lol. 
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄
Praise [NAME]. Hope his health issues have gotten better. Dude should be on a contender right now 😭
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks. 
Thank you for telling me !
Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs)
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!
Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will ""dunk"" them in the first round"
Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude
Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.
Best comment ever.
just fed up of reading subjective opinions be paraded as fact that he was the worse ever.
He looks like a genuinely nice guy. He doesn’t look fat and greasy
I really hope not. I want a more feel good intermission, I’m done with being yelled at by angry old conservatives. 
They apologized for that episode.
I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.
The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.
You guys are horrible. I love it.
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.
Thanks for the info, appreciate it. 
"""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs"" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds"
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.
Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.
Bahahaha this is gold.
Ahahaha I’m enjoying your troll. Seriously remember commenting on it like a year ago. Hilarious people are still trying to correct you.
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.
All good man haha
From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.
I love [NAME]. But I’m not sure there is a single player in he nba who he can guard
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!
I don’t get it :(
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. 😁
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎
I stopped trying a long time ago. I actually feel much better (most days anyway)
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.
[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
That’s so wholesome.
I like that they have a red light camera there to combat the red light runners. You can see it flash twice at 0:48.
> I refuse to believe facts
Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?
Please don’t do that. You can do better
I will mate. No worries.
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.
yeah. thanks for your reply
Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.
nsfw pls, thanks nice work doe
>I think this is the same for most people. Exactly.
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.
A little girl recently died because her parents refused to get her medical treatment and insisted [NAME] would heal her.
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.
Well, that was dumb.
yes, because I like her already anyway
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.
What a confession! Unbelievable!
I don’t know man I feel like this goal is just a combination of unluckiness
Some of us only play QP. I’d like to think QP is just as important as comp.
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.
first alien is hotter tbh
Problem is as soon as someone criticises Israel they jump up and down and scream anti semitism
"I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with ""yo"". I ended us."
Yessss thats it ...thanks
Funny how it do
"ITT: People saying ""I'm doing to get downvoted for this"" and then not getting downvoted."
"It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying ""oh, it's a feature"". ...seriously now."
You are disgusting.
Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh
Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time
It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! 
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.
This is super duper nasty
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!
Yeah I haven't felt anything in days. It's like I'm numb, I hate that feeling.
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)
Happy birthday 🎂!!
I resent being lumped in with the group you are referencing, but thanks for sharing.
This has the makings of a great painting.
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing. 
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me
There’s no way this gets signed, right? Is it just lip service?
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.
***Y'our*** so funny.
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.
Was hilarious. RIP Roman
Same. Glad it's not just out store.
I agree. This is the real reason why I hate wearing pretty clothes and makeup. It's like putting lipstick on a pig.
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.
haha I didnt remember that Rampage was there live commentating for that one, good stuff. 
I'm so sorry! I hope you are doing better!
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of ""I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."""
True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.
I feel like they're blaming the school for them doing exactly the right thing.
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh
Im glad to hear it !!!
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh
but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching
It's good
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone. 
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️
Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?
I’m from Oklahoma City. Not a small city, but a few of his patients are from there.
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.
"Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. ""[NAME]"" on ice it isn't."
I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!
[NAME] alright dude
Mugging is just how we show love around here. Respect our culture.
Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. 
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.
Yes.
as someone who doesn't wear a kippa at work out of concern for these things happening....what was being said? And thank you for standing up.
Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?
I like [NAME], but this entire sequence was hilarious. Poor guy. 
Ha, ha your mad!
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke
Not offended just dont care to debate over game development or how long it takes 🤷🏽‍♂️ lol you win sir
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.
Agree completely with this statement
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.
I find porn disgusting and boring, could this be a sign I'm asexual?
Can't stand people who spam their terrible youtube channels
[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.
It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.
Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!
This guy doesn’t know how to life...
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.
True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. 
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.
That sounds plausible. Lets hope that you are wrong for both countries' sake.
What the hell
Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.
It's not unheard of but there are certainly candidates ([NAME]?) who aren't quite to her level on guns.
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.
Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.
That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo
That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.
I’m jealous.
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough
This is just sad. So, so sad.
Wow! You've put my relationship in words I couldn't think of.
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. 
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol
its like waze but for people in debt
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go
"If she is hot and has nice shoes...""I like your shoes."" "
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]
What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].
Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.
Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball
Thank you! We all appreciate the kind words! 💓
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL! 
This truly is the best a man can get.
Ok, fair enough... This one works
take my arrow. so fucking true
 anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato
WYA? I'll come through.
That moment when you can't even get mad when you realise it's another sad boring troll with nothing better to do than creating alt accounts .
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.
I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.
Fabies? fababies? fatbabies? but fat babies are so cute.
Happy New year!
my [NAME] this is just *yes*
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.
That LOD is a moron
Omg yes feels like being new born.
This isn’t a “someone” this is a company.
Happy Cake day.
Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.
I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing
Oh we're doing this again huh
Damn look at [NAME] and his insane get off. We could use an [NAME] now probably now than anyone on this roster.
Is this the track that’s just [NAME] cat meowing but slowed down? My memory is failing me
Most of my friends are [NAME], and I respect them. I don't think they'd be offended. Sincerely. 
The bed is comfy and I want it to stay that way
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there
I feel ya.
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.
Might relax you a little bit but definitely don't expect some amazing buzz from just 1 15mg pill. 15mg might feel like 5-7.5mg diazepam.
They're really cute but I'd never in a million years own one because they literally smell like week-old pissed on rugs.
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously. 
this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe
Sorry, I’m out of the loop- are they on this season as well? I forgot about them
Wish you good luck
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao 
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore
Thanks for your words. I appreciate hearing from you. You bring up some very disturbing points.
I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on
Wow, your posting history is a real... interesting ride.
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!
I will dude. Have a good one
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ
well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!
Everyone knows that the rich have a secret cure for cancer! /s
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now
I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.
Man.. I really loved that team.
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh
LOL. Glad you noticed.
I always admire a pinch of salt in anything. I can't upvote you enough sir.
you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that
Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.
"I dunno, ""Lobbyist"" and ""Senator"" seem like mighty fine jobs"
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!
that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond
🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death 
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
I agree with this coked-up fiend.
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada
Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner! 
This guy should go to HELL
Poor attempt for karma I think
Glad you answered your own question.
And suck this guy off at the same time
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like
Hahahahaha. That's hilarious. Oops! Thanks for pointing out my typo. I think I'll leave it.
Awesome! I'm really excited. Are you there too?
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!
Yeah I’d love a before and after!
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.
"It's ""snowflake"" to get upset over something like this 😂😂😂"
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.
I like how the [NAME] stood there like what the fuck and then just accepted his death.
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not
Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.
Haha, glad someone was able to point you in the right direction then 
Thanks for not running our prospects in the Pre-Season anymore!
That's an unusual idea, I must try it out! Thank you!
A TECHNICAL Lmao.
What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.
"Even [NAME] has said ""I'm happy *for you*"" to pregnant women he's known."
Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.
Glad to help!
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.
I like, don't like it!
I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work
Good luck buddy!
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️
So many inaccuracies here.....
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed
This is the shitposting I love
The social cohesion after brexit is going to be super cool too, everyone with flags on the windows.
This makes perfect sense, thank you for explaining! 
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.
No its an edited one by someone on this sub, I can't find it though. 
Ever heard of the New Deal? Look it up, it was pretty cool.
I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys
This is horrible
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!
[NAME] play fake mad is great. Sitting there starring like he’s the most hardcore fan there is
The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.
“Fall in love with at least one physical, one artistic, and one intellectual pursuit” — This is great advice! Thank you 😊
I love [NAME] so much, but honestly it's great news that they refused to go back to that system. Hoping for [NAME].
So glad I moved here.
That's what I tell myself, too.
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]
DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!
Yeah, I completely agree. I was just making fun of this sub for seeming like they only want girls wear hoodies lol.
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her
I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word
I am getting a lot of weird replies...
No I made the best of it, we had so much fun. Can’t wait to go back! 
Bro, put water in the microwave and see what happens, we're like 70% that shit
No, she's standing in the water after she pees.
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love
Then when you dropped them that was it for youth group cred for the night. Lol
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.
No thank you 😉
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so
nice one gards!!
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.
Glad your nights going well guys
? What do you mean? This is my favorite video game.
At least he tried
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts
medical care in the US sucks.
Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.
Exactly what i was thinking!
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk
I didn't read that but so what?
It's definitely that
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.
Cray to the crazy
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.
"""So... I'm gonna go back to my class and sit in my seat like you told me to, if you don't mind..."""
Haha fucking gottem
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !
I sure hope by all falls down you mean all mine and by the workout plan you're talking about the skit and not the song
Get in, I'll tune in now
That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming
My school did this too except with a gold spray-painted plunger. Kids love toilet humor. 😎
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily
lol Holy shit.
Apathetic. Not happy, not sad, just don't care
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!
Good job shining up your spine and telling him it's over! Your life is going to get so much better with him not dragging you down.
Omg stop spamming.
Extend the compassion; go vegan.
I like to be scared actually!
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog
I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. 
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team
Most important win of the season. Awesome
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!
This also made me Smile, thank you
Lol. Exactly
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous
Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?
Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent. 
"Too lazy to type out ""him/her"" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck."
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]
Love the cheese!
I can't see anything wrong with this message
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know. 
I love flying out of Midway because I feel like I have never waited more than 10 minutes for security. I love the lines at Midway.
i feel this
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!
I come up and hug her and say good morning, usually joke around about the dog or something. Nothing negative really
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]
You know what I love abou you [NAME]? Octopussy. Man, I must have seen that movie... twice.
Today I wish I were a black bear.
muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire
I took a screen writing class and I think we had to do this. Then again the class was a while ago so I don't remember much
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong
Spoiler: I think they mean me, even though I would hope that is literally the opposite of what my comments have been doing. 
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. 
Omg this is too good.
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting
I don't think I'd like that either.
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.
I appreciate your meme OP.
Couldn't have said it better. Just did the same over my winter break and really got to know myself a lot better. Cheers to the new year!
I miss rock fest 😔
Double barrel Pink eye. Awesome.
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in
Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?
[NAME] doesn't even look that big here. But he's still handsome.
Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.
Indeed it does. I blame [NAME] and his love of sponsorships.
No he's overrated
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed
Love the headline though
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. 
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.
Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. 
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great
Think FARC and Columbia if you're looking for something to compare the Afghan talks to. That's the best that useless war can hope to achieve.
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.
Thank you so much❤️
Makes me want to eat ass
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored
I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...
I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.
I know it’s out of control!
I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs. 
You've not listened to him.
I was having a good day. We were ALL having a good day.
It's 57% upvoted, which pretty much means most people hate it. 
Think you mean this Labour MP
We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy
I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production
Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜
Good luck to you! Cheers to a new year! 👍🏼
That is one cute baby. I don’t think all babies are cute either. But this is a really cute baby.
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”
Thats the problem you have with this? Mule kick in zombies has exactly what he wants xD
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie
Yes I would love to see!
You have no idea how incredible they make me feel in every single way. It's not something I'm used to!!
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.
Great to see him involved.
Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.
correct. i am the one who decides if something is funny to me or not.
Ah, thanks. 
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.
Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.
Being disgusted at disgusting things is grown up.
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.
With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!
[NAME], that fucking sucks.
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it
Lol, what?
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.
Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.
[NAME] was such a fun weapon
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha
Thank you! We feel hard. We just don’t express it the same way feelers or maybe just most people recognize.
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!
so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.
Let’s not get creative again
great work!
"I love this one too ""I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"" Men translate this into ""Pay me for sex"""
excuse me what the *fuck* was that
This is very uplifting! Had very similar experiences with my wife's family. Thank you for sharing!
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.
Agreed! Hopefully! :-)
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.
[NAME] is my 2nd favorite QB after [NAME]. Very high ceiling and [NAME] always seems to get the best out of his QBs
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits
I’m a fan of your awareness for others here. This sub needs more of that lately.
Well he abused his previous girlfriend, he ran a porn site that's what I know
Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗
He'll be the difference maker in the playoffs. He can get any shot he wants because of his all time great ball handling
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.
I found it really kind.
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars. 
I love artic blitz personally
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.
Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly 
I really like this.
You should have an AP that respects you ...not just one that wants to use you.
I had my YouTube set to 1.25x speed and didn't notice until I watched this so thanks
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for
I know! So relieved.
Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that ""Nothing changed"" now. Is that progress? /s"
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!
Guys message got deleted, what did he say? 
Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.
What a journey.
persistence that is working perfectly fine...thanks to backup scripts lol
that made me feel bad for nw
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is
That will have to be MY cake then!
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.
No youre a cunt
[NAME] bringing on Sir [NAME] to confront [NAME] about calling him fat is a great interview
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.
Your right thanks
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.
This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.
Sorry! Yes you are right about the exact name. My brain confused it with the similarity titled cat toy :-p
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/
Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you
THANK YOU!!
Ha. Fair enough.
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol
I actually laughed at this
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
That’s cool man! You have a good night!
Damn... METOO
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!
No, it isn't K.
[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell
thanks, my roommate is a photographer so props to her 😂😂
I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.
Welcome to the depressed group
Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.
I believe so
Thanks! We had fun.
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.
We did it chief
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .
That was the best time to be Black in LA
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.
Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.
People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.
Lol... that is awesome.
You're right, laws don't stop people from committing crimes, we might as well legalize murder. You people sound like retards.
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil. 
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!
Thank you!
I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.
It wasn’t significant.
Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!
I know! BTW I love your choice of critter. Penguins are fabulous.
Y'all are fucking annoying
Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.
Thank you for this! :)
That’s my favorite aquarium! Wish I saw that though lol
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)
There is one teacher, and 3 paraprofessionals. She is overwhelmed, and I want to help.
We, battered UT fans, thank you.
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head 
You’re welcome!
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]
I love [NAME]
[NAME] is great, I love [NAME] content as well.
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either
>I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.
I’ll read that, thanks!
It's disgusting how good our teams have been both years until december happens. It's usually started by injuries too.
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode
I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in
Oh [NAME] you idiot
That’s kind of cool! You made a friend at the store. I usually make people want to leave.
Have a nice day, sir. 
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?
yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3
Watching porn on your phone is a thing people do now? It's such an inconvenient thing to do tbh.
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.
Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut
Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗
Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love
Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend
I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.
These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)
Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. 
I've finally found my people who know the struggle.
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate, 
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job 
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.
"""No"" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise."
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.
That's what makes the best reply you could paste the comment at mumble rap and 10 day tho.
"I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] ""LIFE will take care of them?"" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha"
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals
Accurate ! Thanks
Capitalism coerces all of us into exchanging labor for money. Respect all hustles of non harmful types! 🙌🏻
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar
That entire family is so embarrassing.
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.
Oh heck oh frick
Thanks man, words give me strength
I second that
Yes it is I’m 99.9% sure! Thank you! Enjoy your gold.
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol
"""every time she was in trouble I was there for her"" - the man who caused most of her troubles "
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.
Thanks alot!
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.
oh ok thanks for explaining
Looked like it hurt
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K
I love [NAME] and totally understand. I hope she and [NAME] are able to have their healthy baby.
Well, the bill was about 100+ per person. Must be amazing lunch there.
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays. 
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.
Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.
That's unfortunate for you.
Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol
Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.
Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.
You should be required to be 25+ if you want the government to acknowledge your marriage. So stupid.
I'm going to hell for laughing.
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.
I’ve never been in love, haha. So I wouldn’t know.. thank you for this comment :)
The right time would have been never being there in the first place
I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD
As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. 
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury
Loved him in Gavin and Stacey! Thanks for the recommendation
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective
Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.
Well...to be fair then. :)
I am trying so hard right now! LOL!
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity
This is the same woman who fought tooth and nail to have wrongful convictions upheld while she was a prosecutor; she craves tyranny.
"Love the tilt away. ""nobody will know what I'm up to"". "
Your amazing too!
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...
I’d choose the kind amateur over the ignorant flamer any day, no matter what rank are they.
This kills the country.
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”
The stupid is real
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
Nice find!
Ur actually stupid lol.
Thanks for the link, my email indeed was breached it says. I’m just not sure what this exactly means.
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind
Beautiful shot!
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn
Thank you for your advice!
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!
Ah yes January, the worst time of the year at the gym 
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess. 
I merely suggested he see a doctor based on some weird symptoms he is having that cause him to not be able to interact with others very well.
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily
I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.
I have this problem but without caffeine
Enjoy you Salad
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.
The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!
Dude, I'm happy for you. Keep going, you're doing great!
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water
Nice, congrats!
Please stop cussing.
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.
Great drawing :)
Smoking is nasty.
No, it makes it better.
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.
good one. 2 one liners so far.
USA Trash is [NAME] beloved gift to Canada. Thanks [NAME]. Nice hair though!
Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! 
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns
That’s true, thank you
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous 
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home
Some folks are just bitter and taking it out on the world right now. Don't give into their idocy, keep up the good spirit!
Our 2nd unit is as bad as anybody in the NBA
Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.
Still pretty alarming. Thanks for these.
That’s it! Thank you!!
That’s it guys, we’re racist now
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.
Hey thanks, I appreciate it!
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.
You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)
Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk
[NAME] so much hate.
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years
the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. 
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!
It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.
Damn straight.
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.
i appreciate the consistency of your values.
I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. 
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. 
I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .
Serious on the vacation time, I haven't seen some government workers doing anything for weeks now!
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.
Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet
Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...
They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.
You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.
Really that's not very sad at all
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.
"Yes, which is why I hate the term ""ranked choice voting""."
Off topic your username is awesome.
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(
Happy cake day
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...
I don't think you've ever seen the dsm. If you knowingly do something stupid you don't deserve anything but what you get
TIL that TYL that this is both of their jokes. Even if it was like that is funny.
in away that smarter than the average six year old
That was actually pretty satisfying
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.
I'll take the Akot 3 but man that shot is ugly
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning
Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis
Ditto!!!
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.
You are in the right here, and I support your actions
Good work if true!
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)
That's great to hear! I had no idea we actually helped so many people with just a dumb sign and some cookies.
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!
> Every billionaire is a policy failure Damn right!
This is scary.
Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent. 
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.
Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴
Good because I've been waiting since September!
I like this
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. 
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks. 
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.
no, thanks for asking 
I love when [NAME] plays like this
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure
Thanks, I reached out
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.
The whole post reeks of troll.
"I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the ""adults"""
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn
interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥
This isn’t true right? That would be incredibly funny
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...
I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].
why are other dashers such [NAME] 🤣who made y’all so upset
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]
It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.
Had she gone into the left shoulder before braking she may have had a chance.
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.
So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.
Happy Cakeday!
Don't use autism as an excuse to be an asshole
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.
"I'm going to use ""my dicky has to perpetually get sticky"" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!"
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol
Missing this roster 😢😢😢
I’m not sure even know sits a fucking painter’s tool. I hate everything about everyone in this video.
happy cake day!
Oh no! Poor dude!
What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame
So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.
It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.
I wish him good luck trying to get the video back but his chances are quite low. It's one man versus a corporate empire.
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol
I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.
What I find disgusting is thinking you can be a liberal and a ecologist. Anyone has its own ideas I guess.
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!
Let's not name anything after him. Even if it's a disorder, the incels will take it as recognition and pride.
Idiots gonna idiot.
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!
That pizza looks good
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor
Happy belated cakeday.
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls 
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?
Yay I feel so uplifted!!!
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope)"
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...
His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate
There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun
Go forth and get rated, my child. 
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!
I believe it
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.
I'll look into it, thank you! :)
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that
As someone with sinus and breathing problems, this makes me anxious and short of breath just looking at it.
I’m so nervous!
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D
That sounds wonderful.
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.
Aw here goes!
I feel a connection to this woman
Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. 
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.
Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.
Oh wow, hate that. 
I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
Thanks [NAME].
This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.
At the time, pregnancy out of wedlock was a stoning for having extra marital sex. 
YOU'RE AWESOME, THANKS!
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!
Well I'll be darned.
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.
Hopefully [NAME] is not included
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.
Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?
inject that shit into my veins
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
"""oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"" "
Omg I can't stop giggling lol!
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.
This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!
"Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as ""intuitive."" It doesn't even really make sense"
Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.
We had some sparkling apple in our ICU tonight as well! Happy new year!
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check 
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud! 
Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.
Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself. 
Nice work. I really want the full scene in this format.
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase 
Very interesting link, thanks for sharing. Happy New Year!
Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.
This is weirdly funny to me
Sounds like you two have something in common.
Oh well, very nice then :)
The like is the worst of the bunch
"[NAME]: ""She seems useless"""
Thank you 😁
"This is a ""lose in the 11th round of the shootout"" type game"
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.
Lol. The majority of military jobs aren’t combat related.
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.
And losing to division rivals gives them the tie breaker, no? Very frustrating. 
Same, these are awesome!
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant! 
Love it [NAME]
>@teamYouTube ok and thanks
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!
I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best. 
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.
I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN
Amazing. The perfect words for it
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.
*they were not* 😂 perfect. I’m sure they were - that mental image is pretty awesome lol
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.
Same! I don’t know how our elementary level colleagues do it. When I subbed in elementary a few times it was awful.
That's cute
I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.
Haha I can drink to that! Cheers man!
This isn’t even them not getting it. They just misread it as a whole! Why bro lmao
I wish they didn’t hate [NAME] so much. Feels bad to play her.
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.
That’s always good to be away from toxic people like that. Try to keep yourself from those types of people, they can ruin your life.
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.
you're a true hero
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!
It's prevalent in everything. WoW was incredible when it came out *because* everyone was garbage.
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.
My first Hawks jersey was #81. Praise be.
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.
You're right. I forgot more Democratic seats were up for reelection! Thanks!
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?
If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone
Hahaha thanks for sharing that is simply amazing. You probably gave the buyer a good laugh too.
I can't help it. It's just so perfect.
Lol same actually
O don’t know man, I think they’re doing this for him, that looks great
These are worse than the [NAME] ones [NAME]
That’s so romantic!
He will regret nothing I'm sure
You are the smiley face killer
Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.
Worried it will be taken off the table?
HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.
because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual
Sorry man, I have no idea either! 
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3
Thank you for your input.
Dig up, stupid! 
You are an absolute gem
I suppose when discussing socialism one ought to avoid the use of the word prosperity, it does become a touch embarrassing. 
Very happy with this !
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling
I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..
I absolutely agree 100%.
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them
> You could probably argue that they'd be fine with giant steaks and BBQ Pretty sure I mentioned it.
It is part of the political game unfortunately.
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.
I’ll keep the fruits of my labor and my firearms thanks for the cute ideas though, sounds nice til it’s you in the breadline 
Me too! Just figured out how.
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT! 
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗
These are great
[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!
Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.
Congrats dude!
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.
That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.
Support this cause please. It saves lives
Look I don’t mean to be rude but w
DoorDash can deliver my White Castle's at 3am, that makes me happy
It's near Brooklyn. Very woodsy, couple nice little antique shops. Most definitely the middle of nowhere.
Happy Cake Day! I, too, have been a victim of cake.
I’m sure you’ve been accosted many times by the cops, or as I call them “[NAME] fash squad” !!!
This is horrible
Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.
Voter fraud is way too easy to pull off, I know from experience 
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?
Disgusting performance. [NAME] appears clueless.
"""I care about the nation and the world"" and ""I'd rather let trump win than vote democrat"" are opposites of eachother"
I love it
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals
Thanks man. You too
"The ""awesome"" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol"
Suffice it to say, I understand why you want to build one, although I disagree with both the solution and how you arrived at the conclusion. 
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.
Ay just like my life *whips whilst sobbing
Thanks for clarifying!
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done
I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.
I love you for making this
No,not a fan of cigarettes
[NAME] insists it went off the glass, i trust him!
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want ""real"" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. "
hugs back! thank you for writing and being here with me.
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.
It's nothing on you. I just hate the idea from a justice standpoint. I strive for fairness as much as I'm able.
Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting. 
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.
Healthier and more disgusting.
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.
Lopez is a better rim protector but I get your point
Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it
> This is wrong on so many levels.
Love this man, take my updoot.
Yes, ~~jack~~ jake will be great too! Love the audio mixer with the old Spiderman soundtracks...looks very well produced...
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!
The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.
13 year old account, this guy is ancient. 
I really applaud you for your patience...
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.
"I love how he calls himself a ""decent man"" and the other guy a ""douche"" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"
This is actually a really good idea
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t 
I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D
Idk which is worse. The guy doing the project or me watching the video.
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-
I have adhd whats so bad about it?
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.
noob spam haha
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.
The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life 
Weird way to spell Voldo.
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both
And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.
Absolutely same.
I love how you are a individual just trying to be yourself. I always say sexuality is the least interesting things about yourself.
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
Thats fair. I know its a joke it just always struck me as odd how people wrote it off. No worries.
Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day. 
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha
Is it bad that im really bummed he didnt get hit?
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.
Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].
It bugs me just how many people move over to be on camera
Because they are idiots.
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner
You really can't. So just dont worry about it
Haha that literally made me laugh out loud OMG I'm still dying. Take this upvote man. Well deserved
Bunch of incels
"Thank you. Apparently simply stating ""it's from a comic called ""supply side Jesus"" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy."
I like this person.
ah. I see :) Still brave of you.
I will, thank you! 
Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.
I had dream where someone said this to me having no idea it was him
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. 
Huh, I was just wondering if something like this existed. I'm working in food manafacturing an this would be epic.
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.
Thanks- I'll take your advice.
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull. 
Boiled peanuts are my happy food.
You okay, buddy? 
thanks. I really hope it does get better
Somebody has got to be a parent lol
Currently listening and loving it.
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.
Who tf told you that weirdo is left?
Thank goodness for that!
In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess 
I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of
That’s not proof.
The article didn’t use it. OP just did a bad copy paste I think.
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!
Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”
Ok, thanks!
They’re as good as tagged
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.
Breathing out like a dragon keeps me from gagging when i brush the back of my tongue
Just rubbish.
Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage. 
Third here. Oh, ok. Wow.
TSM would be cool
I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal. 
Gotta love trailing for 59+ minutes
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.
I love this woman.
Thanks im going to get that on a shirt u are awesome and must love everyone thanks for the help [NAME] is still president
Thanks I had heard this advice, Almost botched it in November.
We did it [NAME], we stopped racism
I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao
True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance
Who had sent him threatening notes last week.
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.
Agree with that XI but sad that [NAME] is our best choice.
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.
Glad to see Tael (wabi) on the list but surprised its not at the top.
The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe
Sounds like you need to get some help /s
He is a douche, but I love that douche!
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.
thank you so much! :)
They have THE BEST tortillas too. Made right in front of you. Mmmmmm!
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!
I'm pretty sure you killed me. I got killed by a pounder on a plane on that very same map 2 days ago or so lol
Where did people get this? It’s hilariously wrong.
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense 😣
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.
That's unfortunate but can't blame that lawyer for doing his job.
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.
General population are scared of press
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you
Wow! I just played my self
Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.
Love The Weasle, I've grown to like him a lot 
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.
I’m upvoting for the misuse of the meme because so many people get their panties in a bunch over it.
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...
Damn, he sold all out for that kick
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.
Give it time.
Things did not go well on Eros Station...
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS
Ah the high life. Must be sweet.
I could drive my fucking van through there!
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s
why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!
To be fair he probably is saying that.
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME] + [NAME] was fun. 
Happy new year to you too! :>
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?
[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.
You're right. Lets see what Fox News Analyst Lt. Col. [NAME] has to say about Fox
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. 
This is pretty funny
Classic Leslie!
This is disturbing.
That definitely hurt
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol
What a load of crap !!
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.
The cutest.
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(
Struggling to find :(
They are always a fun time.
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence""."
all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth
almost [NAME] can do it !!
Fuck yea!
Yeah it looks like it
We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.
Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are. 
gorgeous pic!
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.
My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.
You are AMAZING. I especially love the woman !! :)
First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks. 
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)
"Oh, well when I said ""we"" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear."
don’t curse mmeEEEE !
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
) /sorry, the Excel formula part of my brain was driving me insane.
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger
i love folksy cities skylines man
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood. 
At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy
Congratulations!! How are you feeling/doing these days?
"I thought the army would be like the top image. ""Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.
I saw at least one user on this forum talking badly about [NAME] for missing playing time.
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.
Coherence, The One I Love
And good riddance!
oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.
Stay strong.
That such a sad flop [NAME]
Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.
Thankkks and np
Sweeter than ever.
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.
Thank you for the references!
Glad [NAME] found some love in his life
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.
MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER
Congrats dude!
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!
Fair enough good point
Solid r/ThisIsMyLifeNow material. I love it. They’re such gorgeous dogs!
"It's more like ""Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"""
Your belief is literally killing children
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]
Snuggling with my boyfriend
The coolest of beans my friend
That's great! You got this!
You’re so close:) hope you can get one
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man
Good [NAME] she needs to stop
I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥 
Thank you! When I have more, I'll post it.
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!
You’re looking at hard time mate
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point 
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends
Thank you! I agree. We’ve decided to back off. No need in feeding into it. :-)
I appreciate your honesty.
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.
I’m really starting to like that kid
If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.
Amazing work!. I truly enjoyed reading this and read like a page directly from the book.
Thank you ladies !
Dumpster fire. I cant quit you Edmonton!!
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you
All the game modes are super fun
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.
Cordovan in the mech with the loudspeaker really makes me smile. It is just so bonkers. I love it.
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here. 
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.
[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.
she does look like a hooker though lol
B-But big pharma is great! Vaccines everyone! Vaccines! We love big pharma! They never lie! Come on start circlejerking!
Those are female toes. Busted!
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. 
She looks really pretty
huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell 
That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!
Uh oh. I think I love Calabro. That was a hilarious call. Gotta love it!
Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.
This is interesting. You want to share experiences with her but not necessarily have sex with her?
Thank you.
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.
Not incel related
I think it should be a felony. Kind of crazy that illegally entering a country is such a minimal offense.
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. ""YES"" = yes you need a degree."
Nooooooooo I was a student staff member at the WCC and this makes me so sad and angryyyyy
Nice try cat daddy ;)
"Its supposed to be an ""eye opener"" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct."
I loved it so much! I really wish they had better paths for [NAME] though. Poor guy!
Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!
I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it. 
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.
Everyone panics when they are on fire.
This would, honestly, imo, be a better response than what we've gotten so far. 
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off
you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.
What the fuck? Really? That’s horrible. That’s probably illegal. If it isn’t, it should be.
As a BMW owner, I don't understand what this meme is even talking about.
So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.
No problem, good luck
Haha epic gamer moment
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.
Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.
If you’ve never been to DSA you’d be surprised by how many amazing, smart people you’ll meet. 
It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.
I mean, if I make it look like an accident, just think of all the ribs I can buy with the insurance money... 
I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Be good-looking.
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.
ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.
I’m so glad you had a lovely time! And you gave so many other people a good experience, too!
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.
Also thanks to 4chan
I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft
cool cool...
I Will as soon as I get out of The mental hospital lol thank you for recommending it. I love [NAME]
Lol I don’t think it’ll change anything.
They’ve always been bad my guy
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.
Please. Sorry.
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)
I’m to scared to tell them :(
bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.
EVERY POST YOU MAKE IS AMAZING THANKS MY MAN
I'll have a look and see if I can find it. Cheers for the info!
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad
That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.
No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.
Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.
I can’t wait!!!
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.
Thanks I got sorted here anyway.
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!
Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)
Lmao god damn
eh, it has its ups and downs. 
I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!
It’s spam
Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.
Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho
Same thing I thought haha
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.
Damned straight.
Lets fuckin do this
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!
Ohh that's in season I like that one
It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.
I agree but I can’t force him.
Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase 
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him! 
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!
Well Played
thanks <3
Wow... Mid 2000's this would of been a way better follow up to Space Jam and probably just as if not more popular.
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol
I have nothing to offer you but my love.
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). 
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts
Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].
Congrats keep going
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.
Never heard of the artist or the song. But it sounds really great! Thank you for sharing!
I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
It would honestly make sense for her track record and she’s releasing her new song and it’s a plastic runway and she made of plastic
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos
Man I wish they wouldn’t
That's not an actual thing you realise? No one is that stupid.
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.
I'm sorry. That's awful
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:
I love you too, no homo.
It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)
You can thank [NAME] for that. He wouldn't commit to taking [NAME]. He wanted to play for [NAME]. He shunned uncertainty, not the Jets.
I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄
I want it!
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.
CUE THE MUSIC!!!
I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.
I did, I did!!!! Now I feel special 
I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.
You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.
Fair enough.
Sick of that stupid floss dance
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.
Good guy for real.
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)
Lol no.
Love your /u/ so much.
Isn't Marquis literally a noble title and not his actual name. I don't think being nobility counts as a fair expectation for the modern youth.
[NAME] bless you, fellow [NAME]! What a wonderful testimony of the changes that [NAME] can make in us. 
30 Rock is the best. I'm currently on my 1st rewatch of The Office and it's still just as good as I remember it.
His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.
Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?
Good retort! Thank you for your contribution to the discussion.
Looks pretty dope.
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!
we got good at breakaways!!
This doesn't solve the problem of people using controllers, they make it harder for everyone low rank or not
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.
This offense is just painful to watch.
That's the best thing about free will, you don't need an excuse.
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run
Kill it with fire.
Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student
Yeah well you’re a horrible [NAME]
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.
Just cleaned my room
Lol at the caption, but I believe it’s Netflix’s new original movie Close.
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.
Have a wonderful day.
I love this drink.GIF
Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol
Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**
[NAME] comment has me laughing
Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited... 
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.
Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.
If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.
i love this video
[NAME] did nothing wrong
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh
Yeah, what do you know about her? Her Wikipedia page is pretty barren.
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*
Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.
Good work, friend. 
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find
somebody's sad lol lol
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.
That shit really just made my night. Haha
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.
"Ahhh, the old ""if you don't vote the way I do, you're a big dumb idiot"" gambit. "
“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.
Uh...no
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her. 
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.
He's a cool guy, he just had a rare lapse in to verysmart territory 
That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.
The fufure is not written! But my skateboard career is!
Hi, [NAME]! I just wanted to stop by and wish you peace and happiness! -HappyFriendlyBot
That magazine cover after her first surgery was awful. She got a chin implant or something I think. Receipt:
Continue the positivity!
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.
[NAME] YES!!!
r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]
You have more patience than I do.
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk
That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).
You progressively lose more of your money!
Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.
I'm so jealous!
You die > mom will be sad
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though. 
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?
Love the new intro song.
I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.
Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!
That is so adorable. Her username as well.
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends
Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)
Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.
Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.
Oh got it
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.
Stay strong! Get well soon!
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.
You had great seats!
Watching girly tv shows. Stuff like gossip girl, pretty little liars, and gilmore girls are all a guilty pleasure
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.
Hey its me [NAME]
Good always love him
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.
Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.
I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.
That’s awesome.
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'
Sitting there dreaming of hot girls coming up to you in your room is better.
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more
Thank [NAME] for you
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward
Cheers, [NAME]!
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing
This hurts me more than the fan meme.
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear
11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂
Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.
You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)
I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.
Not at all!
It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺
Funny enough OP is a gooner
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.
Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day
Great! Can't wait :)
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.
Yeah, it does that to me on my laptop. Nothing just happens. If I try on mobile I just get that error message.
Delete this. Not relevant.
Just hit Leichhardt! Well, the wind has, waiting for the cool now though!
What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.
Thanks! Here's hoping silly comic book shows don't trigger you in 2019!
You sound fun at parties
On my way! Thanks!
Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. 
Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.
Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive 
But also: fuck the daily mail
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.
Not exactly the cream of the meme crop there. And on a personal note I don't think ironically bad memes are funny.
Always worth a try. Good luck!
The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.
[NAME] I hope that isn’t the release date. I’m holding out for 12am EST 🤞
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.
Lmao that's a funny coincidence
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!
One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.
I miss candlestick :(
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.
Additional space race
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.
He’s still right. Doortrash sucks
Bee happy! ' v')
I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.
[NAME] is honestly really badass and he has a great design I hope they give him something good to do in 11
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!
Uh well one has a long face but I think we’re thinking of different people here haha. They’re a popular 80’s band
I had to look those up.lol. That's awesome. Do you make money by doing so or just pure hobby?
I hope. Sirens got me excited
Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!
Holy shit I’m stupid
^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.
Thank you to share your opinion and I’ll appreciate this (=
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉
"""Best prank ever"" :) One of my favorite moments."
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.
Loved his wife.
Last night [NAME].
I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.
This’s didn’t hold up too well.
Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station
I fucking love this GIF so much.
Happy to hear that :). Where are you from btw?
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex
I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(
Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!
I'm still so sad we never got to see [NAME] witnessing his miracle baby's first steps. ☹️
Happy cake day to you too!
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)
Thank you for the context. Everything makes sense now, I'd forgotten how... Certain kinds of people can be
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.
you never wanna hear that but sadly people will say they love you when what they really mean is you are convenient.
[NAME], I love science.
Oh hi [NAME]
Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]
It won't be. Just a rumor.
This is the day we've been waiting for! WWOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Wow, that would have been messy.
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.
Thanks a lot!
I will have nothing to do with this specter, who selectively appears to individuals and abandons others. No better than a cruel warlord.
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out
Wow.....
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!
Best side quest ever!
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees
Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year
good to hear my man!
Your appearance doesn't magically look objectively creepy just because you're a creep. You're being stupid.
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.
You just need to live your best life. Do the things that make you happy and don't dwell on any of the negatives.
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States
Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. 
It’s fitting. All things Considered.
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range
nice, was a big fan of REQ but haven't kept up with their progress much the last year
Let's do this... 4 game win streak again!
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.
I ate 2 lots of rice a day, with chilli. I also had a bowl of high carb cereal. I lost 4stone. CICO, is real! 
they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL
Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.
That was a fluid motion and it scared me
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates
Hey congrats!! That's amazing, you've done such amazing progress! Hope you have a great day :)
Thank you for your input! I’ll look into it
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!
I know! It amazes me every day, but I'm SO, SO thankful for those lists.
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.
Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.
Wish i had more up votes for you.
Those cards are so cool
Cute pupper 😍😍😍
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!
You used the correct term. Good job.
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this
I look cuter in red P’s.
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron
Goose don’t give a fuck
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love
Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time. 
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.
And in the case of human trafficking, these people we should be given homes and protection instead of being tossed out to be abused in their home country
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn
Oh I see...I keep trying to do the move everytime they're down. Thanks for the clarification.
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.
LOL THEY DIED? like if you get reference
Like [NAME] said at the very end of the stream, “You’re still here and you can still do amazing things.”
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.
1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.
Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks
Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.
Excellent summary.
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.
So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~
It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.
Ah yes thank u, now the image is very funny
I like your baby😍
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down
Cool story bro.
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)
"It's not ""over"". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better."
❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes
Thank you for that statement.
Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested
As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.
love this! makes me want to go hiking at superstition this weekend.
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.
[NAME] looking good for a big game
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. 
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard and Beach House are my two favourite bands.
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol
I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!
more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness
Thank you destruct
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.
And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!
A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.
I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.
Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME]. 
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way 
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. 
This makes me smile
so abused...
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
And even then... It won't be for long.
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end
You can love both [NAME] and the person you are with.
It's a great town.
The US and Canada are great allies, it's really a shame they've elected their worst. 
There kinda funny
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry
I like it
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil
That sentence should be illegal.
I forgot the Olympics was gonna happen there 😂 hopefully the signs and stuff will stay!
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha
Much better thanks hun !
Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.
I don’t understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested? 
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.
Liberal Grandma best Grandma.
Saw bad guy, arrested same.
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)
it really sucks how absolutely fucked some of us got genetically in the chest department
Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!
CONGRATS! So happy for you. May life treat you kindly from now on.
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold
Definitely not a dead human body. He’s probably just a weird dude that has some weird thing in his room that smells terrible.
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. 
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.
Lol every time I complain we score like 2 min later. I will wait 5 min
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible
This scene was priceless! Trash TV gold.
TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.
I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤
awesome thank u!!
Unfortunately not.
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit
Doesn't look intentional though.
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.
No room. Get lost. I cc u!
It is good game, they are good generation!
the hate we get in here is palpable.
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.
You're so cool.
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend
Funny how reddit works
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol
Ahh, thanks for the response.
Hello! Happy new years my friend!
I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. 
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂
Have a good day at work bud
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!
>a Thursday night rampage that killed the 22-year-old officer and shot up a surrounding downtown neighborhood. Not exactly a constitutional standoff with the government
so proud of you!
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad
People done be ignorant
Awesome! Hope you had a good holiday
It actually gives me comfort, too. Whatever happens, we will all be there together. 
"I do that anytime I see something pointy. I'm just like, ""I wonder how it would feel to stab my eye with that."
Florida. I moved up here and chose the best hockey team in NY/the universe
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out 
Imagine knowing the world was going to know you're going through puberty, with pictures! And thanks! Huge online comic fan. 
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called ""war on drugs"", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. "
Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.
Steakspeare in Love
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.
What a muffin!
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures
My parents just couldn't understand that pick
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you
That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.
i don't love love love it
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy
Then enjoy it for as long as it's fun. When it stops being fun, go find somebody else.
good luck my friend
Nice strawman. I can see now that you're not compensating for anything, lol. 
Such dumbass,I think I'm going to take my dog somewhere else
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali
Feeling bit better now, but the feeling as a whole will come back I know.
No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).
Ah yes, my apologies!
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special
People there are great citizens out there who dislike Rick & Morty studies) should be legalized already.
You know what happens when we make assumptions!!! Good point. Thank you.
Now you see me.... Too. Lol
I feel this in my soul.
I doubt that [NAME] cares.
That doesn’t help people in market though.
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.
Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age. 
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it
She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front
She’s actually crazy
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty. 
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.
Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!
He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here
Oh that’s terrifying
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.
`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.
This made me chuckle
It's a genious strategy, isn't it?
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.
Actually this is very clear thinking. This is the best answer on this thread. Thank you.
Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.
Sucks to suck
It just never got weird enough..
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit
Yes! He’s back LOOCH!
Good. Thanks everyone but finnaly some reading material. Many thanks
I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill
I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth. 
Congratulations, it is satire!
This describes his tweets so perfectly lol >At no point during your incoherent rambling did you even come close to what could be considered a rational thought
Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.
That looks righteous!!
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. 
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol
Most of the people on top aren't even very relevant anymore, at least not nearly as relevant as they used to be
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do 
thats messed up...thats why i dont like reddit as much
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!
She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.
That thigh gap not cute at all
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.
I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.
That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.
She has started therapy with an addiction specialist. That is a hopeful sign IMO. Wish she had started a while ago.
that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing
and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf
[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo
Thank you everyone for the suggestions. I think they're great much easier than my thoughts of trying to donate money instead of the contents.
Thank you for your response!
Ireland has only ever had far right or centre right governments in charge lol
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures
W crazy game
This is so, so great.
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.
Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one
Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?
Lmao what an end to a quarter
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.
This may be overreacting, but I would not touch those presents. There could be a bomb in them. 
Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? I’m so sorry that sucks so much
Haha cheers for the kind words mate
good lookin out bro
The Dillard House is literally my favorite restaurant on earth. Their ham is the most amazing thing on this planet.
"Now I'm imagining him responding to your dirty talk with an enthusiastic ""yummy!"""
If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.
That man has such epic face
Youve missed everything.
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!
Respect for the pedes
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!
I like the assignments.
Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job
He is way overrated.
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented
MmMm I love me some microplastics.
I’m not crying... I’m just cutting onions... I-I’m making lasagna..
Yeesh, let her wallow then. You did the right thing in trying!
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.
The reason I was commenting was because the other day i was reading threads about how it's annoying that the ocs doesnt do the bulk discounts
"I just hate the ""I don't know"" people"
I really want pizza right now
Nice. How is prep going??
The game is riddled with error messages.
Get your feet off the table...
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out 
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.
Damn MLM at its worst
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.
Very well put
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm
Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...
Just piss off
The day I die is the day I'm happy
Sweet thanks for the update. I hope the kitty finds a good home
TIL [NAME] is a real girl
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. 
im glad to know that it's not that likely that I'll be sent immediately. thank you for the kind words :)
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.
> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.
Yaaaay!!
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.
Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one
It's got home made bread pudding so therefore the rest has to be good!
Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.
My kind of man
That would really piss them off
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it
It's fucking laurel you god damn yanny hearing fascists.
A true internet classic.
Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.
omg he could soft feint headbutt into GB thank god i wasnt around when that was possible
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it
He's so handsome
Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.
Nice I am actually going to the game! Awesome I'll get to see him represent.
I would be creeped out.
In fact I plan to start using them in my videos since I plan to make this year feel like 2009.
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.
Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!
You're ugly
they seem confident and chill
Comfy girl = best girl
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.
Fuck this guy
Oh wow! That's literally a game changer for me! I'm about to hit 3 digit hours and I never thought of that. Thanks!
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day
[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early
Fuck ya boys let’s go
Yeah I agree, it really is interesting. I guess that’s why there’s so many different medications out there lol.
Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote
Get well soon good boye
It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.
ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.
Ohhhh, that makes sense. Cheers mate 
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.
My favourite scene in the movie.
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.
Sure would hate to explain sodium and water to them as they sprinkle salt on their food.
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.
But why? I have enough awkward moments in my life. I just want to see comedy when I watch a show labeled as one.
Hahaha, that's a good one. 
 a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me 
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.
Thats pretty sweet.
They’re looking sharp!!
It literally just happened. I'll talk to them when I get a chance but my heart dropped for sure.
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it! 
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!
Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. 
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.
But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?
Amen to that!
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta
Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY
You’re number 1 now.
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not. 
I like that, will be looking forward to seeing it when I go there. Sure, it's stereotypical. Who cares?
I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. I’ll have to check it out! Thanks
Oh... welp. 😑
What a weird thing to say.
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior
He looks proud of his work, leave him be.
This is fantastic and I'm happy for her!
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!
this literally made me sick to my stomach
Auch, that's gotta hurt...
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy
"""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"""
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.
No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was ""ItGetsThroughBoner""."
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.
Now that is an original Idea!!!
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.
That's adorable!
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake
Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.
You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.
Good luck mate!
I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers
thank you so much <3
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.
I hope you enjoy it!
Born and raised in New Britain. Love these sodas.
The biggest Nightmare
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.
Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.
True , when this song started playing, I got my first “ Gone Fishing” signature. Loved that game. Thanks for sharing.
OH SUCK ME SIDEWAYS
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!
This post is not going to age well.
“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”
Wow, that sounds like it could be great.
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.
Happy Cake Day you barefoot bitch!
Thank you good sir! I didn’t know this was a thing!
Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.
Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.
That sucks, I hope you find the finances to be able to go back to it someday.
Quite the blasé article.
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.
The Imperial is the best gay bar in Sydney. PERIOD.
I hate [NAME] omg I just do
And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated
Unemployment was also significantly higher at the end of Old Labours tenure than at the beginning. Yet nobody remembers that.
Didn't mean to offend
That's a good point, I didn't think of that. It's too late now, of course, but I'll remember for the future.
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish
I’ll defer to your experience then.
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!
All of season 6 is terrible
Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok
I like all Star Trek. I hope they end up switching directions now and make new movies that are more about exploration.
It sounds like you project a lot of anger...maybe letting things go, relaxing and slowing down is your solution.
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!
They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!
you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)
I like how the ceremony goes right out the window after he delivers the rings to get all the pets.
Wow great video. I love her.
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.
it’s just a nice gesture. don’t make it so deep lol
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.
Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby! 
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them? 
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it
So you're a liar.
You are ok.
i like turtles
Get off my property
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..
Go for a walk with him. No phones allowed. Let him talk, share your experience. It hurts a little less every day.
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow
man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.
Haha... nice
It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...
Yeah, they have uniforms and everything. It’s really great.
That’s a cool steering wheel cover
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.
Happy cake day, just in case
This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.
A Reddit couple! That's good to hear, hope yous stay safe :)
I just discovered her today and I love her music
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. 
I strongly agree
This is awesome!
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.
I'll try. Thank you.
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.
Fitter faster stronger better
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.
Cuba's great. There's shredded pork everywhere
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.
Shabbat Shalom! Thank you for sharing, I really like your videos, keep up the good work!
Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!
I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.
I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.
Idk, but it is cringe so i posted it here lmao
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂
Wish he'd upload more 😪
Holy [NAME], our hope and handmaid of the [NAME], pray for us!
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse
I love democracy.
"He loved [NAME] ""old man in a park"" painting!"
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.
It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.
Hey. I like you
FUCK, THANKS!
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die
It's like Guatemala, but instead of the US it's Mexico... disgusting 
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.
I can't post on r/dankmemes :(
No, just a bastard pastry
I love this story. So much.
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.
Oh sorry I gotcha
It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.
My man!
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run. 
Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.
I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.
Pull that sucker right up to your face
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.
I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh
I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me
"""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"" "
I have started my 30 day vacation and I plan on relaxing the whole 30. Please do not make plans for me. Discuss them first with me.
[NAME] is a creeper and hangs out with underage girls n shit.
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.
Don’t make fun of the cancer kid
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets. 
Wish the blasters were more like BF1
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.
The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.
I don’t know what this means but it feels significant somehow...
Have you visited any of the car subs? They may be able to help you diagnose the issue. Good luck though, I hope ya pull through. 
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.
Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.
You're not retarded. It's a natural reaction to a lousy upbringing. Love your username BTW.
Fool you twice, shame on you
Not cool Op...not cool...
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.
> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick
You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.
Can you stop living with this person? Engaging in it will only make it more toxic
It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.
Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC
I applaud you (in a non-sarcastic way)
you have [NAME], you'll live.
Omg this is repulsive
Zero percent. I sit when I piss cause I'm not an animal and I like to keep my bathroom clean.
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)
proper fucking order
$2M AAV, love this deal
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.
Incredible work and very unique, good for you
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty. 
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.
This aged poorly
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it. 
Bahaha I love that
An extreme strawman example doesn't change what I said.
Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.
this is not bad
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!
I agree. Verbatim.
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.
Hahaha ;)
Thanks for the warning 😉
I love it. This made me smile so much, which is a big change from [NAME] which made me cry and further increase my depression.
I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!
Dude it was an old video. Your porn math is way off.
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary
That hug at the end was like a you’re too precious and innocent for this world”
I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.
[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.
Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.
I need like a drawn out visual or something
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan
Y so serious
Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.
I set the house on fire and almost killed my entire family
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.
He looks like a Loony Toons character
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked. 
Thanks man, hope the holidays were good to you and yours. 
Haha, thanks, bot! How's your day going? ❤️🌈🚀
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass. 
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.
Majority of [NAME] support Dem investigations of a foreign agent? I’m so proud!
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.
this aint it chief
Thanks, didn't catch that one!
Thank you.
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.
He's great in Silicon Valley too!
You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.
Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.
I hope you both enjoy it!
I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.
Looks very realistic to me. Ever been to Copenhagen? They did it despite a population density higher than San Francisco's.
god i love [NAME]
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute 
That game was great. THOT, be gone...
"Yeah he was going like ""YOOOO"" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol. 
I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.
That's just sad if it's for a game
Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao
Goodbye cruel world.
Thanks for your insight random person on the internet. Did it make you feel better typing that out lol?
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.
You're a big man
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂
Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART. 
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.
I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP
I’m not high and that sounds like a good sandwich.
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. 
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.
Thanks for sharing! I loved [NAME] interview too haha. Looking forward to his on-court reunion with [NAME].
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
Thank you very much! I will get some courage and do this.
Not sure how you could put [NAME] there, he's been our worst defender 
I miss when prequel memes was ironic
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. "
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.
I really love this title.
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha
[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.
Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!
Thank you!!!
[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.
Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.
I figured it would be “the joke is always real in the comments.”
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke
YOU WIN!
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.
Not look much beautiful.
"""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"""
I love lighthouses
Good dog.
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!
This is so wholesome! I can‘t wait for Animal Crossing Switch! 😍🤩
The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.
You die.
he's an awesome bro
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!
"Is it weird that my first thought was ""at least it's not a Minion?"" "
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. 
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.
It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
He was having a nice stroll through the park then BAM a wedding blindsided him
What a beautiful moment
I'd prefer her as an actual character
The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)
I'm sorry for your loss
It’s the world record egg!
Why would anyone forget how dominant he is? Lmao Oh yea we suck.
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. 
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
Someone please send me the full episode I need to see the rest :(
> [NAME] HAHAHAHSHSHAJSHA
Avoid. Without a contract he can kick you out at short notice any time And when you pay a deposit make sure it's protected.
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist
This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.
So there's hope for the rest of us! Thanks for sharing. What helped you get to where you are?
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.
No, but its a big problem in itself. 
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while
Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither
Actually feel sorry for her. She has depression and low self esteem, this is not going to make it better.
Thank you! It has its perks, but sometimes I do think to myself that I’m not where I belong haha
Happy birthday my guy! Hope you have a great day today, tomorrow, and every day after that. You and everyone deserve a good day. 😃
I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate
Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.
You have clear issues, get help.
Thank you for being open to self reflection and for sharing this.
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
This guy sports entertains.
bet he loves to slow dance
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body
Hold on to your butts!
This is so powerful.
I think it is worth documenting this sort of stuff, as a reminder. They'd do this to your kids too. In a heartbeat.
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫
You contradicted yourself
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.
Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow. 
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!
We're playing great!
Lol I'm literally an anarchist but okay
Horrible night for dodo
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.
she'd probably do this
You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends. 
Enjoy your gold!
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh
Are all the people in that thread praising SB2...SB2? They all talk in a similar manner. It's odd.
Well keep planting more!!!
Yeah, it’s interesting how I’ve had conversations on the overground but not the underground. 
She is so brave 😥😭
If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing
Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD
This is the scariest thing I think I’ve ever read on here. That is just so horrible.
[NAME] can still betabuxx and have an easier life than you will if you have to be alone and support yourself with no help.
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
oh, what an unlucky woman, that mother of his...
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!
RemindMe! 6 years
[NAME] good one i like that
"I live in australia and even aussies say ""cook the man some eggs"" as a joke to kiwis"
Lol this never gets old
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO 
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.
Happy birthday [NAME] !
Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.
If it's a real challenge for you, u can help you with a ban. Then it's trivial 
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.
No. That is creepy and weird. If you don’t trust her .... move on.
I bet you’re really fun at parties.
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)
THANK YOU!
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.
Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.
"> ""NOPE!"" Had a good laugh out of that"
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.
sorry mr brolobo
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!
Oh damn, look at that areshole telling the truth. Get him.
"Watch ""Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole"" if you haven't already"
Stop laughing at me.
Oops. My bad
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen
You sound like a douche.
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment
"Innovation means ""I pridefully made this"" in China."
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy
Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.
He was such a pet!! Beautiful looking dog
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd
It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.
Yup, thanks, I've got someone coming this week - good idea
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it
I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.
your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.
lol, suit yourself.
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.
Thank you so much, kind stranger. I really need that
If he wants to play more, he should play better. Otherwise, leave. [NAME] has been very bad.
Same. Body hair (on my own body..I don't care what anybody else does with THEIR body hair) grosses me the fuck out.
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME]. 
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe 
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.
I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl
Cool. Thanks for the tips!
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.
If you’re downloading from windows I believe so
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian
Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid ""guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??"" posts are the absolute worst"
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation 
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn
It's great.
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.
[NAME] loves it
Thanks! I didn't understand til now
4! The sweetest year.
If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].
[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.
Pretty sure it was a joke bud
did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.
I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.
Aww that was endearing [NAME].
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...
Which is fair. But they're not respecting you.
I love gold !!
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place."
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.
"Gotta love the ""its a metaphor"" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"
Sooooo much upper body strength. My GOD the muscles. He's positively rrrrrrrripped!!
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.
no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!
Makes me very happy indeed.
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)
Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.
Thanks for comin' out.
Nice work as always dish.
“and THAT’S how you kiss!”
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.
[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.
Calm down [NAME].
Sure, but he still died again a couple of years (decades?) later. So the copyright is still up.
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast
Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!
That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...
Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.
I like [NAME].
Whoa. I appreciated this, thank you.
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.
It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.
Okay, thanks for the clarification!
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.
Their sounds of silence cover is very good
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!
I think this is very relevant, u/lilhan2
They live was a great film.
Not complain. She could not complain since she made no effort in the beginning.
This was posted, word for word, on r/CrazyIdeas not too long ago. It's a joke
Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians 
I don't disagree with anything there.
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.
I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!
Fuck
Have a good night, mate!
Thanks dude. Shit happens!
Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped
This is the proper timing
What a fantastic combover! What brand of comb do you use?
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.
I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley
I'm very motivated to make things as easy/optimized as possible so that I can be as lazy as possible.
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.
HHahah. Right? I’m scared
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!
remember what you're fighting for
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉
[NAME] AND [NAME] ARE SO GOOD AT DRAWING FOULS ON 3'S
Wow. I dig that.
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.
I'll try. Thank you
Lol I still reference this clip with my gf ha this dude is a legend
Thank you kindly :)
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.
This is so true.
This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....
[NAME] investigation has already paid for itself thanks to Manafort. Try harder.
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.
Not gonna bother reading that you're not gonna change my mind lol
Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”
That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. 
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not
I was hoping this day would
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
Oh you got me. Good one.
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!! 
Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay
I drove through there dropping off an uber passenger and I was really amazed by how beautiful it is.
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !
This is great news. Congratulations!
Doesn't like hearing the truth
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao
Congratulations on your shiny spine! I really hope your boyfriend backs you up but even if not, we all do! 
Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet! 
[NAME] isn't likely to get traded. Out of the 4 he's the least likely.
So insightful!
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing. 
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.
Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.
Very weird game but will definitely take the W
Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.
He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.
The lil dance he does after is amazing too
Both look great, but I like the second one better. I'm a dude though and I have no sense of what works for other guys.
[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME]. 
glad to hulp
Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.
I never will understand the reasoning behind puking in a toilet... Perfectly good bucket right there.
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.
lol [NAME] would definitely do this if [NAME] was that dumb to take this offer.
Looks like a cool location.
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. 
So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.
Finally some news from [NAME]. Hope he goes with DAZN. Would love to see him face [NAME] next.
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.
Thanks for your input, I should have clarified the pop part of pop psych.
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]
. beautiful you have a way with words here
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is
Start acting mature. Don't get into fights with security guards about how you look.
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.
Oop my bad
Shut up [NAME]
"if it's ""unavailable"" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D"
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.
How incredibly dangerous
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW
What a beautiful response!
Good for you!
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today
Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.
That's kind of sad to be honest.
Finally the UN gets off their ass and does something. So glad she’s finally safe (for now).
you're right, it's all very murky
I have no confidence to boost
That's pretty funny imo
lonzo can be special but teams just aren’t as patient anymore
“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.
That is a good idea. It may be hard for him to make any progress with him coming over so often. Thank you for you input!
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize! 
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!
Completely disgusting.
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊
I want this cat
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks
Yeah, there are trees that are far older than 521 years.
Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave
You’re right. Pressing f.
Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.
Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!
Sad... RIP
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him
This is amazing
Might be an overestimate at this point.
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me
Thank you for your service
There are racist morons everywhere.
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
You said it wrong.
Just got my seats a couple of days ago!
You seem fun
At least I dont care about any of them.
Buddy rocket league fair? I’m play 2 but I play like champion 1 and just get shit teammates 😡
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u
Really I like the new fatalities
thanks for the recap
i actually dont mind either of those
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive
I want a pizza flair!!
Thank you for this!
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)
There's a difference between use and ownership. They aren't equivalent.
You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right? 
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.
I agree. She seemed to truly love [NAME] . [NAME] loves the life [NAME] provides fir him. It’s a sad situation.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.
Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen
aha my favorite reply :)
Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
Holy shit that was fucking bad...
PAC man looks too fast
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.
That makes sense, I’m over explaining and I shouldn’t have to. Thank you! 
YOU'RE CORRECT AND YET THEY ARE CORRECT ALSO
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.
Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time
Agree completely except that I would switch [NAME] and [NAME]
yeah definitely so what i'm thinking is, we remake it, but also, add a divekick button
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?
Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.
I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.
Thank you for providing an unbiased & sensible opinion.
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.
Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.
Funny, but why do I care what his name is?
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.
That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are
It sucks that you had to go through that. I hope you're doing fine now (and your kids if any).
I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol
Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations
Something like that lol
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over
[NAME] just put a huge hole in my heart.
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.
i’m fking crying lmaoooo
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...
I have always loved [NAME], love the deadpan humor of him and peavis, and he's just a talented and amusing guy.
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.
you are trying to use post-modern mumbo jumbo deconstruction of words. Go away, idiot.
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. 
This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. 
Technology bad!
Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG
Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot
Thank you so much for the help 😊
All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.
Now it's cheering for the two to come back
Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference 
are you dumb bro? please watch again and don’t downvote me for stating facts. holy shit you’re inept.
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.
"FUCK OFF THAT""S A PEN"
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha
It's fairly good
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.
Thank you. I appreciate the advice and I agree with what you said about therapy but I'll keep trying.
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!
Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark
It’s a [NAME], very fun guns to shoot. Nothing like a good old lever action sometimes!
More insults, [NAME] said my bit now all you have is a show that proves what I said to be the truth, nothing more nothing less.
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot
>ribs My condolences on your loss.
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better
So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈
Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.
Thank you.
She has pretty hair.
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.
I love you more
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up
What a legend
This is awesome. Thank you!!!!
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone. 
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.
"Sorry but why does it matter that you're ""from /r/All""? "
Thank you soooo much 😍
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.
Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist. 
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.
Damn... 😑
thank you man
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.
Forgot he had been sent down and was really confused, but happy about this post.
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois
I hate fags
Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.
Exhibit A, lol
I actually liked them. I love the idea of Conqueror being a rabid and maniac dog.
That backfired in the most delightful way.
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽
3:08am and my laughter has now turned into wheezing sobs
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers 
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong
U will hate it shortly
I was AF enlisted too hahaha
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now 
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.
Thank you!
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.
yea ok dude
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!
It will probably take him some time to figure out whether he’s really ok with it or not.
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and ""That's all."""
I laughed.
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
[NAME] damn I love Coops
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!
Just relax and enjoy. We are gonna win by double figures as per usual.
Nailed it !
Utter nonsense from yourself.
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...
The furry community loves it.
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.
This is awesome!
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha
I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.
Congratulations, there are success stories in this group. Forge on with your life but watch out for other (jerkfaces). 
I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. 
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit
The comic relief of the cat world - when they’re not tearing the flesh from your bones
True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate
Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!
There's always something endearing about a reply trying to keep the enthusiasm going. You enjoy that new toy as much as you can.
Omg that was the WORST
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.
I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!
Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!
I flew off the handle and that's my bad.
What a horrible person
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.
Talk about a fucking hot take. Quality shit posting from [NAME] (not you [NAME]).
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.
I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!
I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.
Thats one way to make political and economic instability sound super fun
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.
Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."""
Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
I've gotten injured before in RTTS from being hit (Bruised hand). 3 day DL.
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.
Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.
12 is ambitious!! I’ll do this with you, but my goal would be 4 
I thought chiropractors were bad! Look as these medical doctors who were pushing opiates on their patients by the thousands!
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.
Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.
cuteee
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk.
>lol that's [NAME]
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.
I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with. 
Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto? 
I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol
That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me 
I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT
I noticed that too. How cute.
Enjoy friend.
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.
[NAME] bless [NAME]
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol
Can’t be worse than last week
Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect. 
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special
Here’s hoping!
Thanks, do we know how this document has been publicised, and if it's not a fake document 
Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha
You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it. 
Thank you a lot! Btw that user name tho 😆
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)
I hope G2 such a great org
He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME]. 
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao
I’m super proud of him. Great guy!
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)
If you google translate it means “nugget” which I find hilarious.
better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.
3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.
I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since [NAME] and I would kill for my Lions to get him.
Ahem...of the savoury kind.
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause! 
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.
True but the majority of plastic used is for the shelved grocery items. Pasta, rice, coffee are in every household and are all packaged in plastic 
You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent
That is really dumb. If you have a crime committed against you, you have a civic responsibility to report it. We need those stats. 
Sounds fun, is it?
I love this passive aggressiveness!!
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.
which is the very issue because he banned me
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.
Hmm it seems fun enough to build on my own but thanks!!!
Thank you for fading
Oh okay. Thanks.
Her track record is pretty shaky
But transit is amazing here.
[NAME] love for you
Y'all just introverted. It's cool to be akward we extroverts, at least smart ones, love you anyway
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!
I didn't turn the sounds on because I'm in bed and it LOOKS nasally
Cheers for that!
Let's get petty! Love it
I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.
im not talking about a studio. im talking about *people*. people that you're lying about, because you're an uninformed yet arrogant, entitled child.
Les Collines (Never Leave You) is still a bop. I loved that song and is still awesome in 2019.
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.
Look at that subtle colouring. The tasteful thickness. Oh my [NAME]. It even has a watermark.
Luckily you can see the Big 5 within about 45 minutes from Joburg, so get the car and Google some activities. Loads of fun to be had. 
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.
Thank you! I had no idea this existed
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.
I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.
Look at you, Mr Independent! You're such a big boy! I'm so proud of you!
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.
"i enjoyed this a lot. i especially enjoyed ""Everybody bleeds a little when they brush their teeth """
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18
This is so infuriating.
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions
These people have absolutely no confidence in their ability to make a living. It’s pathetic.
I’d be interested in reading more about this if you have a good place for me to do so. Thanks.
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team
You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though. 
It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]
I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.
"I will donate money to the ""Buy a striker fund"" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating. "
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon
I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though! 
He said i am being rude to her
You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story
That's the spirit
They are super super awkward.
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)
>It'd be good for Venezuela That's the hallmark of U.S. invasions; invaded countries always do well as a result. /s
Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.
Holy shit. Amazing response.
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.
[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.
Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?
Omg, this is hilarious 
Holy fucking shit
Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.
I just want to be alone in a cabin up north near flagstaff.
They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! 
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together
Oh dear.
"I'm floored by their solution for ""landing"" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!"
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.
This is brilliant!
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.
Thanks my boet
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.
I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.
Sorry to hear it man. Grief is the appropriate thing to feel. I hope she is happy in the afterlife. Peace be with you both.
Still the greatest timeline tho
Caring too much
Ugh. People are the worst!
Nice, Butt Stallion just chilling in the background
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.
His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid
Probably the same thing the rest of us do, chuckle and ponder how it can get any worse 😂
"I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably ""accudentally"" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch."
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. 
i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables
I love u too <3
You know, I’m something of a friend myself
This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.
Shes stunning haha
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.
I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past
But it taste and look so good 💦👌
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.
dear... husband
You're a monster!
Looked like [NAME] for some reason
This made me chuckle, thank you.
Everyone likes [NAME].
I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. 
Season 2 has been fantastic
> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.
I think a few guys on the team have said [NAME] just listens to country music lol.
Goddamn it...
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.
Sounds like a good deal to me. Where do I sign?
I need a thick 10 inches too, thank you. 
Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED
I'm sorry but did anybody else read the first paragraph and get flashbacks to My Immortal? \x45\x62ony [NAME], is that you???
Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.
I love this show
Don’t feel bad for playing Minecraft, it’s still a great game and is starting to get kinda popular again.
It's so sad
He's an altogether better grappler IMO, and so much fun.
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?
I love it (Blacklock holiday)
Thank you so much.
Awesome quote.
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it
I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.
Looks good!
Any that lands for us tbh lol
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments. 
That was helpful to hear, thanks for your response! 
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.
Yes! Im glad you see where he got that n-word take from 😂😂
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.
Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.
Thanks for the recommendations!
Yeah this angle is nauseating.
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)
Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.
Oh thank [NAME]
I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.
he ded.... and why the fuck these POSs have cellphones in prison.
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.
I like your sleeves... they’re real big
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.
Damn, I want some! 
I love [NAME]. He's another great option for 6th man.
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.
I love how the tires are Raiders logo
YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.
It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.
ITT: People defend delusional shitposts.
We're out of the environment, it's ok.
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!
Why are you okay with racism and why are slurs the red line?
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure. 
Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure. 
Yeah, I guess you’re right! I’ll definitely try talking to him. Thank you
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying ""libertarianism is astrology for men"""
Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.
My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!
Cool. Would be happy to know if this worked out for you. I had wasted a bunch of time like you did and was getting frustrated.
[NAME] cares like a father incredible
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.
"Reply with ""Oh, my bad"". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes."
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.
I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.
I’m sorry where is that?
Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better
I love the name!
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. 
Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.
Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.
Its fun to draw in an empty space.
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy
Oh man, the crab brigade hit this thread *hard*
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!
Nah, it's still funny. I think it would be less funny if it was my country tho 
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.
Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.
Same tbh hahahaha
Thank you 👍
I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny
Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.
What was the name of the neurology podcast? That sounds very interesting!
"I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the ""I was sitting down"" Man, getting old sucks"
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.
New Job? [NAME] is pregnant!
Best of luck in your career :)
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions. 
Yo I love that game too it’s great
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
Lucrative. I like it.
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff
Maybe? But his foot goes waaaay up lol. Maybe I'm just blowing smoke, idk much about good QB form
This is amazing!
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum
Haha username checks out, but I thank you all xx
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao
looking forward to your selfie saturday then
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.
I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.
Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao
Very well said, thanks and couldn't agree more!
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.
We dont want or deserve to win this game. Sloppy sloppy sloppy
Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof
I wish I could draw... :L
why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....
Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol
Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.
You are, or you're. Thanks
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!
He is such a cutie, I had no idea he was polish 
[NAME] damn it
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.
you seem like the kind of person i’d like to be best friends with! :)
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.
I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures 
No matter which you pick ([NAME] or [NAME]) the dance and the date scenes were great. It genuinely makes me happy seeing [NAME] happy.
"Yeah, I was like ""man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""
Falling for such low quality bait
Have fun getting robbed
"It's gonna be the next ""live, laugh, love"" with everyone running around talking about if things ""spark joy"""
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot
Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.
Omg I love it
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying
Ah thanks so much
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.
i feel we can all relate
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.
I mean Darkfall really has the best combat but the rest of the game lacks.
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid. 
I wish AOC was old enough to run for president
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...
My boss had this conversation with me just before Christmas. I start my new job in February.
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.
I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks! 
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.
If you like Thai food, try Firefly.
thank you!
I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.
Ok, hope you are right
Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.
Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol
this is good. well done.
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.
Lol, oh man. Well, if we can laugh at our kids, what can we laugh at? Never a dull moment.
Yeah I laughed when I remembered it. Random.
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop 
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!
Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.
Oh no!
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this 
that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.
And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.
Now it makes sense.
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.
I'm so nervous!
Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday
Point is, you’ll have to come clean. Sooner rather than later. And if she loves you, she can forgive you. 
Dude you’re right but just because we draft someone in the 1st round doesn’t guarantee a starting caliber QB.
It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift! 
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case. 
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something
I blame [NAME].
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries
My man.
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]
Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...
He looks so young, always thought he was older than me.
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.
Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.
I totally agree with you, I just wish she hadn't tossed his sweater away :(
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. 
Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.
They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!
omg I remember be exactly like this and being so excited, gahhhh I might even believe I’m more excited than you hahahah.
I'm getting old. :/
This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch. 
Holy shit, that's great!
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.
Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion
Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^
They’re well on track to getting that superpower by 2020 slot
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.
Thank you brother
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.
I am just asking for job-advice. I have dealt with this condition for a long time, and know what medical therapies are effective and feasible for me. Thanks
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity 
Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.
Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
Funny you ask
"Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a ""fuck no"" from me, dog. "
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel
Your artwork is amazing.
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an ""ignorance of economics"" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. "
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy
I LOVE this.
Bah gawd, she is broken in half!
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.
[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...
This is such a lame idea. Instead of getting better and outplaying your opponent, you just want to make your opponent worse. Sad.
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed. 
Haha me too! I just told my husband they were my favs and I never thought that would happen with BOTH of them.
Ah true blue love
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.
Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.
I thought I was done enjoying the Saints loss but this brought me right back. Great find!
This is why I worry about you sometimes
I didn't think I could love [NAME] any more. Is there a central repository for all of these battles
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.
"""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"""
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. 
> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.
I wasn't saying it was. But it's the most likely explanation of why a youtuber would want to pretend they have one.
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil
$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(
ITS MAM!
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.
We've been bamboozled
I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.
Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...
Burn it!
What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.
[NAME] damn you are autistic
Ayyy you're welcome! x)
Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.
[NAME] made that lmao
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. 
>Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok
I will! Thanks!
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. 
You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.
Forthwith this group will remain unnamed, verily so that we might avoid bringing ire upon ourselves for a simple observation.
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.
Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!
Hahaha! Yes.
Lost his legs, what an idiot.
Thank you! <3
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what ""ironic"" means."
I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises. 
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.
That's super fricking cool I love it
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol
Your welcome.
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that
Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself 
Obviously a degree in veterinary medicine, in case Mr [NAME] has the sniffles
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.
That's a lot of commitment there. 10/10
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah
Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol
Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.
Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.
There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.
Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.
Nah, you did all right.
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3
Yeah you are second. Time to move on lol
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again
Damn liberals!
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
LOL SO RANDOM
A part of my soul died from reading that. Thank you for making me dumber from this experience.
You guys are heading toward healing, that's amazing.. Is it possible that you are wishes on true healing 
> I know I should feel happy why
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬
Thank [NAME], good luck and hope you find the happiness you seek
Really? I live down the street from there, thanks!!!
Are you seriously this dumb?
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. 
My DW made this realization. She is a smart one...and a keeper.
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
I feel the same but I don't think it would be easy.
In my favourite clubs pretty much always. The people there are lovely. In any other club very rarely.
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.
Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
You commie bastard
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.
Appreciate you!
Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.
motivation. Hope this helps you
This should be interesting...
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.
fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.
that's not what he's saying at that part
>This game is dying because toxic people like you ruin it. Speak for yourself
Oh my, my Japanese course is paying off! Yes that's what I was trying to say 😄
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy
A cheater is always a cheater in my book.
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.
Lol same here😖
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen
Thanks, this really helps!
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol
As much as I love cold fries, reddit karma is oh so good!
[NAME] they need a union so badly.
To annoy you That's the real on reason
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his ""watch this sick drift, yo"" stunt."
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous
It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.
Happy New Year to you, too!
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.
Pant full of turd.
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much
yeeey [NAME], My purpose has been fulfilled Now I must go
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility
Best description of online dating ever
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!
You got the kindest heart
That sucks I'm sorry. Ive always been dismayed at how flippant people are.
Alot more common in NY City.
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.
RIP [NAME], you were a sweet girl. It's been over 10 years but I still miss you.
AWIL, great movie.
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is ""so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"""
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!
Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert
Nice try russia
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.
Seafood is nasty af. I refuse to prepare seafood in my kitchen.
Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].
I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. 
After [NAME] comment the stock prices fell and the [NAME] was never heard from again. Crab juice went up 4 points
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you
Probably fans of aftv. Bunch of utterly dirty cunts!
Nice one comrade
You fucked up. You trusted them.
Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.
The important thing is that you're having fun
And you're competing for moral high ground on the internet. Hope you feel accomplished.
ooohhh this seems quite clever, i'll try this out. thanks! 
Well dayum that was cool.
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so. 
Great. So increase prices 20% overall, give the waiters the extra money. I'm happy with that. 20% is a great tip.
I sure hope this dog is reunited with its family. It is one of the cutest dogs I’ve seen, a very unique looking pup!
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.
Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)
It’s literally a meme ideology. Sstaaaaahhhhpppp
That's even worse honestly
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.
Sure you can. A class of preschoolers can be replaced by their parents in the space of four years.
He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.
This is disgusting.
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately
you give him way too much credit with this one
He’s not that into you. Move on.
I think it’s impressive. It’s actually fairly difficult to be that slick for that long.
It would do us ALL a great deal of good.
If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.
[NAME] is letting [NAME] play 3 :0. That is good news.
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time
My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.
How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day
I hate poetry
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.
Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.
Just goes to show how stupid they are
Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...
I dont know how this is a joke. BUTT, I appreciate the effort.
Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity. 
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha
He looks like he smells of cheese
Thank you :) I was starting to seriously wonder if something was majorly wrong with my maternal instincts haha
I will, no worries.
as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. "
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.
Yea sounds like a great way to teach your children that stalking and harrassing = love. Husband only hits you bc he loves you!
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.
As well as this, tell others about your classes AND schedule. Your Fe might be weak but it still makes you do stuff.
"*""Wow""*"
I want to be a rapper. I also like to write poetry and stuff. So to be successful with those things also I want to design clothing.
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.
Well, if that's how you always are, I can't imagine even wanting to be next you let alone have deer like sex with you.
It'll be the first game of the day!
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
No sir, can’t hold them over a bowl for shit. Plus they make blunts taste weird.
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] ""I'm standing under the source of the bull shit"" [NAME]"
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while 
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous
And Mac and cheese is shit too. If a grown man has to eat children's food, then STAHMs can get minimum wage jobs
"""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""
Confirmed that men are literally soulless, it's a matter until they start eating humans
Appreciate the help!
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.
Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :)
You mean 4 of 5 dates for you already this month. Wow - do tell!
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.
Thank you for answering. It's much appreciated.
I mean, it'd be nice to see some other teams in the championship anyways, it's been Bama vs. Clemson 3/4 past years
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.
Take a break then get back out there!
Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.
well the irony is that felons are discriminated against, even non violent offenders.
I like that!
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.
This dude was super cool
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear
It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in. 
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine
haha I'm realizing now that's what they meant. I'm just a salty liberal nurse lmao.
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.
Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.
He's funny for sure... lol!
Hell yeah!
I'm just glad everything came out okay.
Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.
Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.
I like you
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game. 
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.
"With the up and coming hit single ""I have a new Daddy every week""."
Oof, that's rough. :( Sorry that happened to you, mate. 
Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun
or a horrible night of 15/4/4
Aww that makes me happy!
Thanks for saying that, it wasn't easy ... definitely sparked a long period of discussion and reflection!
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.
"Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. ""Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."""
Future is bright to me!
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? 
Great video, not the same as the gilette ad but still full of a lot of information. 
Hands down one of my favourite VA's and a main reason I go FemShep or play games she's in.
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.
Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.
I like it. I hope that answer is okay with you because I might lose sleep if it's not
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much
I can’t stand anything about her yet. Nothing.
plz no foul trouble
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!
Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. 
But it’s so hideous
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.
Thanks now I want a subway!
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?
Sorry but I didn’t throw in the towel for my co worker. These feelings were present before she entered my life.
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.
I see - thank you for the insight.
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires
"If I hear ""not sorry, [NAME]"" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]"
Thank you [NAME] goodnight
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying
Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover 
Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol
it's ok to need an equal partner
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)
Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him 
He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....
It's super funny 😂
That’s actually interesting to me
Yeah the lack of visibility of the survey likely means the survey is gonna be skewed towards people who are extremely online on this sub specifically.
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem
I’ve never stolen anything to do this with an Italian accent.
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.
Wish we got power plays regularly.
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients 
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.
I'm sad that you are against abortion. Can I drop my unwanted baby off at your door ?
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.
Yep exactly, and he never demands the ball as well. He's afraid of it.
And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao
[NAME] i was mostly curious about the background because it's very good.
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible
Rules say no identifying information
What the heck?!
Shut up 15 year-old
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT ""virgins gonna be scared"""
Go take a shower your personality stinks
I looked at several different websites - mine are not perfect. But I like them. Mostly referenced this website.
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.
It's already a thing though lol
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.
Glad your SO was helpful and hopefully you are better
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.
The cynic in me is pretty sure they don't really do any of that.
UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end
Yep, hell of a listener
It can be entertaining and funny
I genuinely just for once want to be in a situation where everyone applauds. That’s my New Years resolution.
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.
Thank you, what kind of lawyer would be best in this case?
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.
Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride. 
[NAME] did that to [NAME] and let's just say that didn't end to well for anyone
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.
[NAME] with the beautiful backtap
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it
Woooooo theres the boeser we know and love
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.
From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.
Love when the run away joke always ends up with someone who isn’t funny ruining it
That's a cute kitty :3
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!
Hedonism at it's finest
Shut up nerd
Sorry, I wish I was wrong, but Mathews is over rated
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.
I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. 
 yay!!! Congratulations! You are so pretty, make up is going to look awesome on you! Your hair is beautiful too ^_^
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... 
Why? That's not helping us win games.
Nope, not my department.
Lucky he didn't jackknife.
Frinkiac not working for you?
Said it all year, I think losing [NAME] hurt this team in more ways than we'll ever know. 
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME]. 
Omgg yes [NAME] precious
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries
I hate people.
Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
Please share lol
I love it
Thanks for the link. She actually likes some of the stuff!
Honestly, I have a hard time sleeping in socks. The fuzzy ones are the worst because they slide around on my feet.
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole
Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.
I got I got I got...
This is so good! Thank you I love this way of thinking of it. That might be helpful to explain it to them.
Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.
Exactly what I came here to write lol
Explain why you think it’s not. Not that I disagree, but explain your thoughts.
There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well
Back in the day was the best ever than. I giggled nearly to the point of drenching my depends. Ty ty very much.
That sounds like an amazing trick.
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]
Glad that [NAME] continues to be himself even in a mystery fortress. I doubt I'll ever play another game as good.
That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.
VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious
Thank you. [NAME]
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.
Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.
:( im sorry
No. I've been bashing it for its very noticable issues that have plagued it for 3 years that the cw wont fix.
No, it's hard to come by!
Hate this guys videos
The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...
Cheers to you
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already
I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.
lol out loud
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance
No dude! Don't you get it?! Women are like cats! /s
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :) 
Boom. Sand. Great image
We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.
Ooh I like that one :)
To bad for you.
we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there
So pretty! Great piping!
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous
Bisbee is a weird place.
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy
That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.
Ask the Magic 8 Ball again later. We can't predict your future.
Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.
I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.
You're welcome! I wish her the best.
Glad things came out alright for you...
We're a community, like it or not. This came from us and we need to hold eachother to a higher standard of behavior.
We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you
Thanks man, appreciate it :D
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.
Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural! 
Ohhhhh, you're good.
At least she had a great experience
Sicko mode is on a whole new level, it cant be compared.
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!
My anger, up 50%. 
No femshaming, guys.
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.
He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.
I did.
Thank you for advice!!
Happy to hear this! Stay strong and continue fighting! We believe in you <3!
What the hell- they're paying for cars they don't and won't ever own?!
Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g
Why would a poll showing a negative favorability rating go to her head? If anything, people should be worried this will cause her to change her approach.
I love people watching from the balcony here
It’s totally my hardest game, too! Congrats to us all! :)
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.
I like him
I love how defeatist we've all become.
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"""
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks ""by-my-self"" is how to write that."
Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation
[NAME] I wish that were me.
What a nice [NAME] sentiment!
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though. 
I like this story way better than parvo.
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set
"I read that as ""It's fat being fucked in the picture"" lmfaoooo"
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)
Thanks for clearing that up
Oh how lovely and vague. Your non-committal form of conversation is delicious.
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.
Irrational anger especially certain family members
Good luck.
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.
Yep, that's my daily commute.
That sounds pretty good
i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.
DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.
I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.
That's really awesome!
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes
I do this when rolling haha
Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.
Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery 
im sure it's a real slap in the face
Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?
this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.
no not really i knew he was joking i was just clarifying what the bloke said
Hot damn it takes some real self-confidence to say you can't do things in MS paint
Legend! Cheers bro
Sweet home alabama No but for real, is that even legal? You should stop having sex with her.
Yayy we agree on something. I mean everything's on fire but we agree haha
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him
Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.
Wait project players magically become great without showing any improvement who would have thought!!!
"Without fail saying ""moist panties"" makes every woman cringe."
That’s how it be
Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though
Fair enough. I miss working meat
I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.
Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you
I can’t wait
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that 
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit. 
Yeah, everyone goes through this phase during their Junior year of high school. 
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.
ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.
Great nb rimiru
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo
I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.
You're not going to drastically improve in a day to where itll have any significance in a game hours from the postb
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.
Ehhh kill streaks aka point streaks in bfv.. Not impressed. That game is booty water bf1 is way more fun
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.
What a disgusting person she is
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.
Who’s fucking a shark !?
Interesting read, thanks. Still a 40% bust rate. Sucks that someone's job is on the line with that high of a chance of failing. 
One of my favorite war movies ever. The cast and soundtrack are unbelievable
Thanks man! This was great. :-)
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...
The best role you can take to climb is shot caller. Give your team the information they're not aware of and they'll be more useful.
FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.
Wha? I'd love more background on this.
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.
I love happy endings.
"She loves to scream ""[NAME]"" during anal."
This is actually really good! Thanks for posting this man!
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.
Scripted but funny
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.
Horrible waste of time.
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting
Props to YOU for being so appreciative, sir. :) You don't often see it. Good luck out there!
"This is nonsense. How is some random noise ""proof"" of anything? How is this relevant to this subreddit?"
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho
This is a very cool option!
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!
I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.
[NAME] is awesome
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.
I’m glad not too much time was put into this
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube
Why does [NAME] also steal [NAME] revolutionism
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)
Yep, had to chase and kept honking. Driver eventually stopped.
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).
Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.
I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.
I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. 
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes
Osaka making me nervous
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.
i have this comic and I love this bit!
[NAME]! Scoring ridiculous goals while missing sitters. Love it :-)
SEVEN parrots? Wow. Bit of a hoarder there.
Palace please don’t fucking bottle this
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.
The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.
This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir 
This is beautiful!
“I got five on it” for the movie US is decent as well. They made it so creepy.
I fucking love ten min power hour xD
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory. 
Hahaha good point!
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. 
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!
Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.
I like your colour choices and I can feel your love of the city. Keep up the art! Sending you lots of love and healing.
Horray for Persona
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.
What the fuck are you talking about
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.
No lol. It’s a personal preference.
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..
I un-ironically love that song
Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!
This is genius
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.
Love to see pics like this.
So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox
Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.
Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s
I already know [NAME] sucks... He will be gone in 2 years but the shitty press that you support being like [NAME] will still be here. Congrats on supporting propaganda
Not happy.
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :)
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!
You'd be stupid not to do this.
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.
He makes Talking Thrones look good.
You post your pics online. Good for you! You're probably not a subhuman
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.
I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.
Thank you for your service o7
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.
Hey thanks!
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.
Adorable little buggers.
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!
Not looking for anything serious ≠ rejection
Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.
I do love the Baroque style as well! All the Church’s I ever saw in Mexico especially the cathedrals in are simply amazing.
I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
Congrats! Glad it went well for you!
I understand just so hard feels like I’m being thrown away like trash I don’t want to imagine a life without her in it
so cute
Motherfucker!!
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!
Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD
You are right and why you get downvoted?
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. 
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!
Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.
[NAME] You are the ultimate forhead Winner!!! Chose your price!
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.
Lucky you, some people have all the love 
You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.
Her camel toe is strong!
I find that kind of thing really funny too!
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.
2018, more disappointment. 
That’s an interesting point, thank you.
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though
You da best thanks
This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland
Ok cheers mate thank you
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it
Have fun!
No problem! Happy to help :)
I miss [NAME] and [NAME]. :(
You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it
Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating! 
Not pretty right now
I am real excited for this, I just hope they don’t ruin it.
Double doink Love it
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.
It's my birthday today, so thank you, I guess? I hope something nice happens to you too.
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are. 
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)
Hot damn! Thankfully only a bump to the head.
This guy died on the inside lol
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.
Much more badass than the union suit.
2018 was the worst year for Sydney Trains, I’ve lost count of the number of cancelled services due to power outages and train drivers calling in sick
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? 
My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!
So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?
Pleasure!:)
Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!
This is my fiancé and I hate it
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. 
I know what I said son
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭
You guys don't know what you're doing to me
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!
I thought it was funny ‍♀️
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!
Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].
I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.
"""I love ya, Mom"". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week."
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.
Alway protect yourself
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!
Nice try @ some dude. Also i joke around my gf on the same topic, she doesnt believe me
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting
Well that took a turn real quick!
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.
I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it
I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.
Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him. 
Thanks for the laugh
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though
Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.
Obligatory fuck the dodgers
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.
I read that as [NAME]. Lol
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p 
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....
lol [NAME]
Out of all the seasons I definitely feel the worst for her
Hope you feel better and you’re on the way a speedy recovery.
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it. 
Yup this game just gets worse and worse
Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something
Haha came here to say this, that shit spun me out right proper it did!
Yeah. Sure.... Why don’t you just let us have some fun, wet towel person.
I like how it's also a subtle girls>guys
"When the etiquette ""shitpost"" is 100% accurate"
I'd rather continue throwing money into these foreign sinkholes than use it to mess up the healthcare markets any further.
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].
"Justifying a potential rape because ""it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful,"" Wow. "
No, I'm anti racism.
1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work
Interesting indeed 😕
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!
I’ve never cringed so hard
that's the point
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)
Beautiful picture!
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
That sounds really agonising, to ask for help and have no one hear you. What's going on for you right now?
The world is backwards, nowadays. Where people defend _GaNgStAs_ because it's culturally and politically correct, and then shame those who protect and serve. Makes me bleed rage.
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.
Cant talk about the a***a
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths
Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂
Fuck the rangers
Yea, I saw him live in Stockholm. It was awesome!
You smug fuck
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds
Send your story over to r/nice guys, they'll love it 
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.
I like your style B)
Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me
It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!
Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!
I adore Brutus and Pixie!!
Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average
Lol, exactly what a failure would say.
This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations
Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper
Best comment ever.
that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is
So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh
Nice play! But, why would u play [NAME], in tribute?
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)
Just give him his damned complete control of government and media. Just give him his damned concentration camps. give him his damned Final Solution.
PowerPoint would be nice
Thanks a lot [NAME] /s
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.
I got that feeling as well. Hoping he retires a Jet. We are the one org that embraced him. He was coaching sam every step.
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it. 
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you
Look at CBG as well. It's got anti inflammatory properties. Wifey feels its the best medicine for her cramps.
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...
Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?
Better scoop it up quick. Lots of hunters out there lol
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is ""almost no one"". Bloody hell mate. "
"This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that ""generic"" candidates don't exist"
Yeah, when I saw she was in LA, I really hope that. Oh please, be true.
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.
At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.
Thank you! That is the goal!
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?
So long, and thanks for all the fish. 
He’s such a pervert.
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!
Worst president ever.
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment
The latter is a good description of the last 16yrs of my marriage (now over, thank the gods). 
I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]
"He didn't ""die"". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy"
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke
This stressed me out
Good bot.
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.
Hahahaha!! I was thinking the exact same thing. But you could really feel the excitement while reading! 10/10
This is truly terrifying.
Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.
may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”
nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.
I’m so jealous
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization ""gluttonophobia""."
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.
The father clearly ran away lol
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.
I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.
I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.
Glad your happy but also what
For me it's how much I love canned black beans that take a minute and forty five seconds in the microwave lol.
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.
Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.
Thank you, love. You too! ❤ It's nice to find kindred spirits.
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues
When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!
Thank you. Very very much
So we need a jewelry store and a tv show. Bet lol
[NAME] office just denied it
Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.
I like Tom and Kato.
np, good luck
No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?
This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.
Tbh I don't quite get the hype behind [NAME]
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?
What a load of old shite.
Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.
your vehicle is pretty!
Thank you...
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout 
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.
Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.
Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure
Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! 
[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words
The conversion go muscle probably helped, considering the size of them. I'm super happy for you dude, you've done amazingly!
Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly. 
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation
That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote."
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. 
i love you.
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!
This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet. 
Lol I have my moments!
These posts must make people want to be security guards.
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.
Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly 
I was tripping balls my first time.
Lovely day we're having.
[NAME], you're back! And still posting the same old editorialized political garbage, I see. Some things never change.
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)
I Wish the answer were that or simple
Your age difference is incredibly creepy.
thats one impressive car!!
Crazy how [NAME] put out his first album at the tender age of 1
Okay, enough me being a great mom.
IVE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD TO CAMPAIGN FOR A CANDIDATE!! I stg im so happy shes my congresswoman! finally dumped comstock!!!!
Purple are lowkey great value properties.
Nice to see someone actually posted something useful here. :D Thanks!
Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph. 
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day
Dammit, [NAME]! You're only hurting hardworking doggos with this shutdown!
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)
Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?
I would like that.
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.
I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak
im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh
aw momma big hugs.
Lol hokay guy.
Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!
Happy one week anniversary
What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew
Beating OSU some how lol
This is what we have for emergencies. It’s great and takes the 1 lbs canisters that are super cheap and easy to find.
Not an RFA my dude
I couldn't even get an internship for Human Resources without having 2-3 years 'Real World' experience. Still in customer service, with a ton of debt. 
Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.
Wow your post history is toxic.
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves
I'm glad you had such a positive experience on the sub and congrats on the relationship.
My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck
It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode
Whales have excellent hearing. I couldn't imagine how it is hearing loud ass sonar.
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.
You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.
Cool as hell
Totally hamberders the President, thank you
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock
GOAT FLAP. Thank you! I am in the middle of hormones right now.
Exactly. Thank you.
Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it
"You know he was too distracted by ""boobies"" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen. "
I mean I'm no fan of the series either but who cares? It makes a lot of people happy.
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.
Haha, this is hilarious.
"I disagree with everything after ""job."" "
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field
Hopefully that's patched soon.
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move
You’ve done us a good service
A classic question. He wanted to create to share His love and existence.
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part
Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.
Yea it's pretty fantastic. I got lucky that despite being fairly TBM she enjoys passionate, frequent sex.
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.
I agree with this post times a billion and also: Save [NAME]! Love the name. Huge Fight Club fan.
migration lol
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.
I miss [NAME]
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s
Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out. 
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.
Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake 
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one
He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse. 
Sorry I was being facetious
Honestly, I really liked being 32. The 30s in general have been great. Happy birthday!
### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.
This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.
So its not mum and dad then.
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters
❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute
This is true...
I have no idea what your post means but I love your name and you are one of us
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.
dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like ""sit down and shut up"" to me"
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!
I think this is next on our list, thanks!
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
Well that escalated quickly.
satisfying, really.
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 ""interesting creature"" 😋 😂 "
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.
"Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the ""generally accepted"" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?"
Orange fan sad. :(
Not sure why you're being downvoted
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol
Made me laugh, tbh.
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.
I love the burn
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.
[NAME] was the worst Of any sports team Unis!!!
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.
Maybe but kids and social media and cellphones in classroom, and a pervasive culture that glorifies sports over education are ruining our education system. 
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.
Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.
[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb
Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division 
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.
"""You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."""
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.
I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?
wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this
it's kinda cute
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?
When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!
That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards
Nice try GRU.
I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.
I'm not fantasising, I'm watching it happen. Just like I watched [NAME] smooth, supple back.
Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too
Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?
"I instinctively thought that meant ""That's gotta hurt"""
Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤
She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted ""Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""."
Wish this applied to TPS's
This was beautiful!
I wish I could get a lazy Malinois. I love their look and Mal puppies are so cute! But I’m not a run-everyday dog owner.
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.
Proud [NAME], proud European. There are at least 16m of us.
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.
*Fuck extremists.
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background. 
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.
Np good luck!!
Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.
"It just has to be ""unequivocal and unconditional"". ""Good faith"" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court."
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful
Looks like donkey foals are going for between $50-$100. That’s quite the herd.
[NAME]. 
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!
"I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking ""What happened, are you ok?"""
"The amount of actual debating about who is ""best girl"" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill"
I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him
Curse them out.
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. 
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording
I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. 
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.
Wow, I love the car ride idea. Thanks for sharing that!
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
We like what we like.
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.
But those other jobs are what allow the engine of US imperialism to keep running, and keep destroying innocent people's lives all around the world. 
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(
LOL this lasted long.
Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. 
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/
You're a great dad.
I'll miss [NAME]
lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting! 
maybe post the article since it's already out lol
"Haha, my mind started quoting ""the standard of truth has been erected..."""
"Couldn't really fit this as a ""how to,"" does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: "
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying
So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...
So cute!
This is disgusting.
She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back
Twas a joke ❤️
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry
This article gives the details
That little smile at the end is exactly why she looks fun.
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.
Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.
Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad
Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD
Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol. 
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in. 
I meant one sided comment. My bad
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.
Damn rui lol. Serving looks.
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though. 
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake
I'm not a jealous person. That's not an emotion that comes naturally to me. I wouldn't try to cultivate it or maintain it.
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.
I didn’t like that blue & yellow until you said [NAME].
Yay we start off with the love triangle!
Excellent analysis!
"[NAME] is like ""Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"""
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.
Great pass by [NAME]
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol
It's the top comment. How weird.
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
Looks f*cking delicious
This dog is so cute
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.
They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.
The government won't let scientists do studies on it, so we're stuck with anecdata until they stop being assholes.
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down
My [NAME] is pretty cool too
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. 
That was quite the read, very good story!
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.
honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that
I cant help it if i dream abt it damn
Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.
Sorry for your loss mate
I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!
What is this an excerpt from? [NAME] was a treasure. I should read more of his stuff.
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
This. Thank you.
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.
Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.
Nice mix of trashy and classy.
"If that's a euphemism for ""emotional thinking"" then I agree with you"
At least we aren’t getting blown out. And Vegas is hot right now
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.
Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters. 
thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.
Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha
"But 80% of the time they go back to ""single"" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries."
I’m excited!
Cheers, guys! We are never drinking alone when we are here! But in person, I love drinking alone. 
There were lots of awkward silences. The farewell didn't seem natural.
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. 
That’s because it’s stupid and nobody wants it!
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. 
Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!
Great shot!
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now. 
I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)
It's not vague at all. No one aside from slave owners thinks anyone has a rightful claim to another persons life.
Good luck!
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.
Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.
That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.
Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!
I didn't realize CPO was an add-on available, I just saw their advertising. Thanks!
I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering
Ahaha alright. Im done. Peace man good luck with everything :)
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion
Good edit. I was going to go on a tirade about changing diapers on my lap/bathroom floors, but now I don't need to.
I really appreciate you saying that And yes he is the cutest
I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.
Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!
I'm sorry to hear, come see me when you die.
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace
Congratulations! I know it’s a hard thing to quit, I’m proud of you. 
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with
Oh sorry, I'll do that.
Thank you :D
Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?
Such a *great* feeling
Thank you Dad, very cool!
"Thanks and what even mean ""nobs""? "
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.
My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. 
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old
I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.
"Its actually ""[NAME]"" , not ""[NAME]"".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened "
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, ""no small talk please""."
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!
I’m finishing that right now. Very fascinating.
How dare you say that. He's a toad of the people! Not some rich frog!
If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.
Nice of you to have some social awareness. I’m sure he appreciates that.
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P
It's pretty convenient
Thanks ? Lol I'm no internet warrior but that crossed the line. I also DM the video to [NAME]. The girl deserves love
Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.
Nice try Lumi
How many times do you have to watch The Office. lol!
The guy just loves drama
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor
[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].
Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!
Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.
Anyone remember mean [NAME] burger and fries? That place was the jam!
Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL
Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)
honestly this made me smile like an idiot on the subway, thank you.
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.
So excited for this!! Thanks to all who have worked so hard to put this together <3
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.
"Basic translation ""I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!"" Super creepy."
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.
Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.
Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.
But once it's born, if its parents can't afford food, shelter and medical care, it can go fuck itself.
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.
[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.
They love me!
That’s fun.
That lil cat, I want it!
I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3
good looks guys
Article says she was present when this happened sometimes and that she was physically and psychologically abusive as well
At no point in the game has that been true
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!
Ahhh, I was curious about that since I do both Postmates and IC at the same time.
Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]
That’s so precious and sweet 😭
I want a Doritos crown, too!
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.
talking about [NAME] i think
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help
That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum
Ah [NAME] I love this post!
[NAME] damn I need a cigarette now
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.
I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.
Oh boy yeah
Love the use of ginormous ... so true
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.
Aww thanks :)
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol
That's a weird answer.
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.
UNLIMITED POWER!
Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. 
I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid
You could be right!
I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.
Thanks for the confirmation
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.
So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...
Damn. Alright.
I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.
This is perfect
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling. 
Okay, thank you!
Not true at all
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.
Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.
No! Mom said it was MY turn!!!!
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.
Love this show :)
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon
I wish to find my best one.
Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave 
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;
Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.
I was actually coming here to add a comment about her! She’s so cute and talented!
Love u too booboo
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol
Fake lous!
Thank you!!!
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol
It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.
Maybe Orlando for Bolts vs Cats? Or Daytona might be better
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.
What a tool!
Weird flex but ok
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways
Amazing. Perfect ending.
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.
I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.
Mr. [NAME] Moderate himself. I do hope the DCCC pours money into [NAME] rematch campaign when he declares.
Happy cake day!
"The loving mother referred to her son as ""the one with acne"". He's better off."
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.
"I love it when ""bad"" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks."
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.
That’s a great idea! Thank you :)
Ah what a good start
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].
Beautiful and thank you for the inspiration.
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.
Ah, I see. I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to make contact. Thanks for the info!
Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote
Thankyou so much
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone
It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.
I didn't think it was that bad ><
Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.
That's so sad.
I love trying new foods for the most part
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea
I'm glad you called it because it really is a beautiful and beautifully honest statement.
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..
I would never wish for someone to get injured, but an injury needs to happen at the Pro Bowl so they cancel it forever.
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!
"""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""
He probably got hurt making the video
Oh my bad hahaha
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help
Pretty sure the plate is completely visible in the article...
What a shame... she was passing really well too...
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.
He did great in dodgeball.
Lol. That too
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL
Where's your helmet?! Gotta love helmets.
What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved. 
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
Thank you ! I thought it was funny guess no one else noticed it or thought it was funny:/
I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”
I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!
That’s my point.
Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!
Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.
I can’t imagine being this retired
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.
Oh dear. Ive tried to forget that. Lmao If some one brings this up, i just remind them we are also the toilet water town. Lol
We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.
**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.
This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.
Well...yeah. It did.
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you
Thank you! I do so love making people laugh, and when they let me know I did good.
It's funny because [NAME] actually transformed his play after he left Bulls and evemtually signed with Heat. Would be hilarious if [NAME] did something similar
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.
I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake
Then fling baseless insults at me. Youre doing great.
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) 
Well this is terrifying.
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.
It's good, good, good, good - good good good!
I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.
Really wow, what a steal
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.
It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.
When you look back at your picks and realize you’re laying pretty much entirely chalk Tenn -8 Bowling Green -4 Akron -1 NC STATE -1.5 Duke -21 MSU This should go well lol
I was fine until I got to the ICU.
I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to. 
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).
No way a tattooed ex-con with a drug/drinking problem might turn abusive!
As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (
Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them
It doesn't, it just resets back to 1 *before* adding in your upvote. You're not gaming the system lol
Aww that's so sweet !
I love the bus so much.
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!
This just makes me angry.
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!
My dosage was increased 2 weeks ago and I've noticed the issues getting worse. With your comment, I'm really leaning towards them being side effects.
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick
It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.
Yeah, my partner is a starfish. Thanks, i needed that precise clarification. Dead whale sex too. 
Ah there it is
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason
It's hard to make friends. :( I sit alone.
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
My partner and I have 17 years between us! Best and healthiest relationship I have been in :)
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!
Done that. Body dysmorphia makes them look the same to me 🤷
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.
And how she can’t cry bc of her “expensive lashes.” 🤦🏼‍♀️
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.
Thank you, kind Internet stranger.
Wow... congrats
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!
To me the toenails is the grossest part! 🤮
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!
I think you overestimate the ability of politicians to rig the vote c.f. May 2017
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved 
Gotta offload this crap somehow.
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.
They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.
This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.
And she will try so be careful op
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.
FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.
I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.
My condolences. Lost my cat Zoey over a year ago. I still miss her like crazy. she was only 3 years old too.
I honestly can’t keep a secret but I think that’s because I’m a Chatty [NAME], not because of my gender. 
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol
When are people going to learn that it's OK to cheer lead dance in front of an old misogynist lol
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him 
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.
That right hand sent our dad flying across the cage. Lol
I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...
Yep, still fun to theorise though!
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards ""hoes"", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex."
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.
Yeah, which is not helping citizens with continued attempted scamming. 
Chuckled. Upvote!
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him
by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun
I really like Funhaus
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.
“Cracking himself up” nearly made me throw up.
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
I hope [NAME] at least showers before his funeral.
Thanks [NAME] for moderating, I appreciate the hard work you guys do!
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.
It is the truth lol
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts. 
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.
Thanks :).. My issue got solved :) . YT on Twitter never helps.. they just do the basic troubleshooting.
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close
A different joke. Scenic!
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0
Thanks kindly!
That’s amazing! I’m so happy for him!
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. 
Are you being stupid again?
They’re disgusting people inside and out
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!
Some pretty dark shit man
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable 
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year. 
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.
Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. 
That's good to hear. I'm admittedly highly judgmental about this kind of thing but I'm trying to open up my mind a bit.
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe
The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!
Nice language 👏
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.
I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations 
I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill
You cannot have your car running while you're pumping gas.
This post gave me incredible anxiety until I saw the back tires rolling sideways which was amazing.
I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!
That was a great episode
Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.
[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?
I dunno. I like her.
Real fact, Elephants see us as cute in the same way we see dogs and cats as cute.
Shut up cowpoke
hahaha. best response I've seen in a few days
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku
It would be nearly impossible to get to the point of being immobile/bedbound without someone enabling you hand and foot.
this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??
Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny
Cool, thanks!
Ha. She cried because you influenced it.
I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.
thanks you too
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back
I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.
I would tell her part of loving herself/her body is taking care of herself. Speaking as a recovering obese person myself.
Wow thank you! I’m gonna do that!
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.
What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
This...is just beautiful
Thanks. We'll do our best :)
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!
I just hope a GM believes in [NAME] as much as this Raptors fan. Maybe [NAME] could give us something valuable to get this future MVP back.
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.
It's rigor mortis but don't change it haha it's funny, good r/boneappletea material
Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.
One of my favorite shows of all time.
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s. 
Ya! Nintendo is for kids! Now join me on my expensive PC and let's play stardew valley like MEN!!
funny
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)
Hey now!
Thank you! I will!
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D
Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(
Glad we cleared this up
Quad turret hopefully
I LOVE google voice! IT's the only way I can get my parents to reply to anything!
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.
Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.
Thanks for the info! Fellow dry eyelids , I guess I'll just keep using my usual.
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.
aww hell no. This fucking ad
Very astute observation.
I’ll buy it i don’t care
You're an uneducated twat.
I liked [NAME]...
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D
That was so fun!! 😂😂😂👌👌👌🤲🤲🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥🔥😎😎
It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.
America can out-lazy your ass any day.
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?
Haha I'd like it if our parallel lines intersect *heavy breathing*
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.
Good luck with your short
I always loved the voice he did here.
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged 
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6
thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.
Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..
Grandma is bad at math
I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(
That looks pretty cool
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with ""Why don't you just let us do it?"" I would."
ok that's kind of cool....
i was not prepared for this
I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.
Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.
God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is
Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead
poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.
It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!
Fuck off.
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.
...And what's impressive is she managed to sell two internets before she was so rudely interrupted...maybe your Land Lady should consider telemarketing. :P
I <3 you!
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.
Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.
Hahahahah, I will consider
Ah thanks for the tip.
No need to bully me.
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time. 
Me. I really needed to see this. ☹️
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.
Lmfao, so true. 
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!
It positively reeks of an abusive household
Fun ruiner.
Thanks, posted there!
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.
Appreciate you homie
Haha its okay!
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. 
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.
i understand that means i will have no luck for compensation
Sorry for your loss 😣
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️
Why don't Maroon 5? Regardless of the quality of the song, its been one of the most popular songs for the past 8 months
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong
That one is pretty obvious
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...
Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.
Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.
Volume-wise, you are correct. 
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. 
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. 
I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before. 
You sound like a great mum
> i have never even dated a girl. Lol
Thank you! :)
Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. 
This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.
Anywhere skytrain wants to expand my tax paying dollars will be ok with it.
Thanks for clearing this up!
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them
Wow, I wonder who's going on about Tahiti in the background.
30% of the country are insane.
Rip ok lol
Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.
I enjoyed watching the crazy old man being dragged out at the end.
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!
I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.
Bless you this post made me cry
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
Very Cool.
Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.
What a good pupper!
It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.
I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO
Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol 
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.
Megagrindr, and I love it.
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.
What about [NAME]? [NAME] I hate her.
lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao
Cheers brother. That’s very interesting. First time I’ve seen that article.
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though. 
I didn't like this, not for even one second. 
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.
[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.
The douche is strong with this one.
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!
Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. 
Bro, highmountain looking sick
I guess but we love each other.
I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)
Thank you. Hugs to you too
"Was totally expecting this to end with ""and then the game crashed"" lol"
Haha Thank you. It got hard to choose who is with what after OSU, PSU, Michigan and Rutgers
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now
Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious. 
Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.
Opposites attract! I thought the same thing when he helped her cook Thanksgiving.
I loved [NAME] so much
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!
So I have a hobby, I'm passionate about my 2nd Amendment rights, and I dont post/comment on reddit often. Your point?
This doesn't even make sense!
Okay just thought it would be a good idea.
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.
a lost art
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden
So smart it looks like he shut his fingers in the door. That’s a nasty bruise under his fingernail.
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true ""faith."""
Fascinating! Thanks for the info!
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.
Pls end me
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her. 
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.
Good for you! So awesome!
Thanks for sharing
[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. "
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s a terrible idea.
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view 
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking
Really glad you were there for her. I wish you both the best.
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.
Very true, interesting point of view. 
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. 
I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.
asking for a source is good lol
You're right. I totally forgot about [NAME].
You, I like you 
It’s disgusting
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.
[NAME] doesn't seem to have based this on anything. The owner of the nightclub says there was no altercation at
I absolutely love DCfC!
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.
It was a great AMA too
He's the only legitimate jetpacker
You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.
The cult of reason was very unreasonable. :D
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.
Yup! Was a great shoot, can't wait for the video to debut so people can enjoy all the hard work. 
Man pre ASG Yankees were absolutely fun to watch. Judge hitting that homerun was awesome
That’s what I thought. With 4 out of the 9 still on the show, I just can’t call it accurate at all.
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)
Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.
[NAME] is just awesome. I have vacancies for long range adoptive grannies if she's not busy?
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.
"Dentist did this to me I hate it. I knew i should have waited until ""it wad worse"" but i didn't. I regret it "
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...
I saw the video and liked it, but I should say: Man, you almost make me dizzy by moving your head that much. 😀😀
I wish I'd get invited to parties...
Why thank you sir!
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.
"[NAME] i love this ""no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂
Human produce bad carbon dioxide too We should EAT OURSELVES ️
I am still confused a bit lol
For real we swept Tampa last season? EDIT: Wow we did, our playoff run against them was a different story 
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.
Hell yeah it did!
For a sec I thought I was on NoSleep. I'm glad no one got hurt.
Awesome and interesting response!
"we have a ""righty"" complaining about ""lefties"" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."
"""I've made a huge mistake"" - Me, walking into this person's house."
Thank you ☺️
That’s not a fucking card?!
Now that's ride sharing!
You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!
Oh no he didn't!
Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD
Lake inle is a beautiful place
Best day of the week!
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!
Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.
Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.
Seeing the Reverend talk to his son like that always made me feel uncomfortable but also mad.
Thanks for defending your tribe.
This should be everyone's wish.
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.
Ah the ol' cucked boyo. Whatever after what I've seen you won't change my mind buddy, that's for sure.
My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”
I mean the whole discussion is about sales soooo...
"Let me remind you that I'm 5'6"" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous."
Hey, thanks! :)
Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it 
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time
Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺
Congratulations, you did it
Love it.
Beautiful!!
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you. 
good luck getting them to understand that
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours
Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it
Still better than YouTube rewind
"I would say something like ""Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"""
Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands. 
Look how pretty she is. YES QUEEN YESSSSSSS
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!
They should do it even harder now to spite you
Thank you - will await your PM.
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.
In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!
Mother of [NAME]... Im not grossed out very easily. I can stomach just about anything. But this made my fucking skin crawl....
Yeah, I’m going to do my best to avoid a fight. She’d probably kill me. 
I will be definitely doing this now. We have a meeting next week, so I will be sure to bring this up. Thanks!
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(
My grandparents were holocaust survivors. Seeing things like this and trying to comprehend the horrors that they had to endure really helps put my problems into perspective.
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids. 
You're the best !
I agree. Could go either way.
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite
"Little kids are the best because they're just like ""Wtf?!?!?"""""
well that's no creepy in the slightest
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good
Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.
I hope your life is as lovely as you are
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now
But it'll hurt
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put
Wouldn't it just be enough to be really interesting is to go through the arguments. However, I would guess this is the most symmetric of these.
I know this is a joke but people on this sub actually think this way lol.
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.
volunteer as tribute first, we need an example that we can follow :)
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped
You okay?
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs. 
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful
“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”
Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.
That sub sounds boring as fuck.
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.
Yea ok.
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger 
Proud of my Senator today
FUCKING YES BEST PLAYER ON THE PITCH TODAY ABSOLUTE WARRIOR BOW DOWN TO THE BALON DOR WINNER TRULY WORTHY
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. 
I love this reply.
Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.
its ok i understood
I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline
Made my day!
One of the rare times I actually laugh out loud while browsing online.
Different doctors have different opinions on who should and shouldn’t be vaccinated.
Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of ""The Good Place"" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. "
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela? 
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.
Hey, it's working again! Somebody at YouTube must have given the server a whack, because suddenly the recommendations are making sense. I wonder what happened today.
Thank you [NAME].
fucking seriously.
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.
maybe dont do any drugs lol
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18
The part about the size of the shit was unnessecary but appreciated.
I do but no one wants to play with me I at least try to play by my self but it gets really boring.
Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often
Grandmas knees are burning up
A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.
I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now
That actually sounds pretty bloody hilarious. Maybe I'll work that into one of my one-shots.
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.
Just subscribed! Keep strong bro focus on the end goal :)
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!
"LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being ""observing people""...including [NAME]! "
You have too many knives, I don't trust you. Sociopath.
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!
I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.
Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.
I'm sorry, when did a subreddit become a sacred institution? That's a false equivalency.
Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.
This is going to be a disaster
Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.
I'm not white.
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.
That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are. 
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.
u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.
Obviously. Just like men are not raping or beating their wives. Rapists and wife beaters are. Thanks for playing.
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! 
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you 
Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!
The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game. 
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!
Kill whitey!
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.
Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.
">""Fuck it Im on my way out anyway"" ""Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"""
Haha. This is awesome. And I can't unsee it.
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!
Pickeks are nice idk how many calories I eat day to day lol
Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment
I was really hoping this was real like
In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible. 
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P
Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.
Given that you're not a conservative and this isn't a debate sub, how about you just get the hell out and stay out.
Fair enough ;)
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry."""
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.
I need to know the backstory on this!
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.
> I can give you a mouthful... Kinky.. Lol
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING
there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!
We love you [NAME]
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.
It didnt last long sadly
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.
Now this is a Contrapoints video I want to see
I love Arkansas. /s.
I agree. The timing is really funny to me
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace
I just bought these, they look amazing! Thank you, Internet parent! 
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s
YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.
Lol, I’m surprised more people didn’t catch that. Thanks for the med check! 
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.
As a killer main that sounds like bs, and makes me even more likely to treat 3v1 as a fun round
[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.
You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself
Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”
r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.
That would be fantastic!!
UPDATE i got a set of spare keys finally and rescued my dogs. theyre happy happy and being spoiled with treats. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL
I'll check that out. Thank you!!
You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.
Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle. 
lmao I didn't realize that error.
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.
Fock I cant breathe.
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him 
High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol
Weird flex, but ok
I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.
a PG that shoots 41% on free throws? pass. would much rather have jrue if we're shitposting
don't worry, the funding will arrive the year after!
I pray this changes.
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.
I'm with you - I feel no connection....
how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie
Ugh. Gross
The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all 
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow
It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.
I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !
Damn. Your bed must stink
Don’t know how I missed that
These Red Dead Redemption graphics are amazing
What a rollercoaster
Insurance covers stupidity, so maybe they'd cover it? 
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK
We got a great view around 9pm before the rain!
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it
Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation
The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since
Freaky, more like creepy
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick
I wish I didn't know that...😔
That was my first live Lions game (British and flights to DTW are expensive) I've never gone through so emotions in such a short amount of time
Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.
The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny
Jack torrance can be nice
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that
"Funny you should mention that since your entire presumption rests on other people interpreting ""well regulated militia"" in the same incorrect manner you do."
Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?
Drink the kool-aid! Lol
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.
Yeah, that makes sense, too. (Did it. Once. When I was like 16)
Oh you just love to see that
I know right! Lego really hurts!
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!
The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.
I know, that is why I said that. 
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go.. 
Oof lmao sorry buddy
I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub
You seem like a well adjusted individual
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.
Super helpful. Thanks!
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason
Genuinely laughed really hard
I haven't seen the chet response, but I cannot imagine myself not telling that person to go to hell and enjoy a lone existence.
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
"""Cute dog, what's his name?"" ""[NAME]"" ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)"
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P
Don't use gay as an insult.
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq
Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall. 
HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.
It looks really pretty :D!
This same problem exists in playground as well.
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. 
Sorry you feel that way
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was ""fact"""
You’re as cool as a hand-job on a honeymoon. Go draw some anime and cry yourself to sleep.
Haha, no. But probably just because I hadn't thought to do it.
Yep.... Have fun
what are you scared of!
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up
Fucking Instagram normies
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry
i see, thanks bro
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating. 
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though
You are BOTH awful people.
You might want to look into therapy
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.
We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!
You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.
I’m sorry about your friend.
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious 
Good lad!
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.
If the ps5 ends up having ps3 backwards compatibility I'll come back to this post to taunt you.
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was
Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.
I wish ours was like that.
I like you [NAME] :)
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(
I'm really appreciate someone saying this.
I'm...not going to let him see me cry.
Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic 
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music. 
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.
Something something don't fight what you hate, save what you love.
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3. 
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back
is it bad that i agree with this
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. 
I would love that, I kind of miss him
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.
We always look so hot headed at road 😞
Now I really hope he spends a few days meditating on music and then gets back to us on his insights regarding Giant Steps by [NAME].
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it. 
">""Le Painting""??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019"
Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..
That’s pretty awesome :)
What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?
No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.
"I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like ""*Why are you like this?!*"""
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. 
That definitely makes him a terrorist.
That would be awesome
Yes! I used to do this all the time actually, especially go to the mall alone. It was actually really nice.
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird. 
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)
I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️
People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders
I have. Take care
Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here. 
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok
He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.
Flat out getting our ass kicked. Gotta give it to Memphis, they have just shut us down
Honestly, it would be even better if she handed the reigns to a brick. Then no deal definitely happens and everyone's happy ever after :D
Idk about you but I will accept my easy win if a Tiandi or Shaolin spam their 400ms lights
Thats weak as fuck.
Thank you! My Bravo blog is
I wish there was hope, but we are all bracing for hard brexit. My country is a laughing stock right now. 
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?
I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.
Scary times we live in.
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him
me too thanks
Cute and acts like a puppy but sexy at the same time. Totally exists btw
Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.
Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...
I don't.
an obvious joke
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.
Oh please lol
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship
I agree because the issues run much deeper. In your opinion what would be the best way to deal with it? Regulation?
Love me some FA cup
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.
That opening is quite terrible tbh
Thank you [NAME]!
"I absolutely love that idea ""BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""
Damn that must feel great!
"No. I'm against the idea that one can ""liberate"" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies."
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair
Instant karma for an impatient jackass who doesn't deserve the right to drive.
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*
Happy New Year
You're a legend.
Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.
I love the claps after he fell 🤣
I can when enough time has passed. I've got each of their playoff games from that year and it's fun to relive it during the offseason.
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.
You’re a joke
He was credited in commentaries as the inspiration for Cletus. I always loved the way he just wants that dog.
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
But now we're stressed out.
Lmao we really tried that again
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy. 
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.
Not much? Oh honey, it's everything! You two are beautiful! Congratulations!
The characters and story are really enjoyable. The dungeons are awesome. Generally decent sidequests. Fun items. Cool art style and character designs
No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback
!!!!! Best girl
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously. 
That would...hurt
You're going to be pissed.
lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.
Thanks for posting.
I’m not sure why I just laughed so hard at this. It’s not but it’s funny!
it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔
You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.
What a great haircut
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?
Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...
Not sure what carrier you have but TMobile has a pretty damn good scam call blocker included in their plans.
Im glad [NAME] was there for us
Lovely. You enjoy that train of thought lad.
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.
Thank you! It will help a lot
this is cute
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.
Looks like modern art tbh but its good
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.
Not the fact that it's a terrible comparison?
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
I loved how proud [NAME] looked
Redditors can really come together in a time of dire need.
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there
Like thanks for your valuable input?
Lighten up buddy.
Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol
Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous
They spam that stuff because its working. Make them stop it .. and punish them.
LOL! You're fucked.
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.
"I really love how he just flung out ""dead mum"" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward."
Oh well... I'll like both of you.
Right, I never said it wasn't. There's been a lot of unjust laws. I was just curious if you actually agreed with that.
"!remindme 4 days ""Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"""
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.
Have fun in the farmer's league.
Thanks man I appreciate that! I just feel like I'm in a tailspin of not being good enough and idk how to get out of it
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles. 
No the bubble is love. The bubble is life. With the bubble comes zero expectations and a sweet sixteen appearance. Such is life in South Canada.
I saved up for a top hat recently and it turns out not to fit as I have a large skull. Thanks for your kind words.
Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?
Always look to the odd years brother.
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭
well you done did it lol
saved... i'll enjoy this video
I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.
It's weird that actual socialists will say that politics has moved far to the right.
I love your Grandma! Good for you for not just giving in.
oh happy cake day
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.
😅 sorry. Lol
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. 
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks. 
Pay this man
[NAME] is great
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. 
It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.
You’re truly welcome :)
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].
lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" "
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days
the excitement when they all first come in always makes me happy
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste
Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.
Pretty sure he's by far and away the biggest asshat on this sub lmao
That’s depressing
She’s my girl crush
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable. 
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!
I've wanted this for so long.
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on. 
Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.
Damn i guess people shouldn't steal. Or smoke
that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!
ok, so there are no checks client side, thanks for the information and all the best luck on the project!
This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.
It’s perfect!
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( 
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!
You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows
Good luck. :)
This sub is a fucking joke now
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!
Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!
Well said man. I hope you’re doing better now. Love the username btw.
Ego is a hell of a drug
what a great idea.. i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.
This thread is one of worst things I've ever read
Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!
Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!
They're demonized because they're annoying.
Thank you! I am surprised with the amount of feedback I am getting. I was not careful with my word choice.
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.
Probably just do the job and try to work out your anxiety rather than taking the path of least resistance which offers no character growth. Best of luck
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.
Congratulations fellow lobster!!
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say
It's ridiculous that [NAME] has inspired way more people to join rather than leave but there are way more media articles by people who have left.
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say. 
Lucky you, our low is only gonna be 3°
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(
Nice catch.
Me too! First time in a couple of years!
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.
I am so so happy for you. <3
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.
Lmao good man
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3
No, not sarcastically :) 
I like you both.
Suppressing anger is a horrible idea. You want to dissipate it in some healthy way, not bottle it up.
If you’re you and comfortable, you go, girl. 
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.
I’m picking up my fourth one tomorrow. CZ Scorpion Evo 3 .... and I’m stoked
Yepp, plenty of people like a nice big bush! I literally have no preference and think both are totally sexy. 
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry
Uh, no. Not even remotely.
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.
not to worry, I'm on the case.
[NAME] is both pretty and strong, I think it's a great name!
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the ""SJW"" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. "
Dude, let’s just offer them a choice between remaining and staying. Democracy, lmao.
Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.
I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government
Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people 
What a legend. True spidey meme master
It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age. 
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits
Not surprising.
Me too 💕
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it
We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”
That actually makes sense, thank you for answering my question. Did you try training your dog?
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.
Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :) 
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death
And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.
Well that sucks
Good thing I don't watch porn lol
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down. 
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!
Haha, I feel that
This is awesome. What did they play?
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see
You should come. You'd enjoy it.
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting
As someone who went through school before the internet existed, yes, weird creepy kids existed. Although it was more in your face. 
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. 
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.
This is cute.
Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?
Coinbase LOL people think place is the answer. I think it’s Cancer.
Nice, thanks!!
this is why I love reddit
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!
No. You are not.
Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!
Sorry, I misread
I always compared him to [NAME].
Niemi is absolutely amazing tonight
I am sorry little one
To bad your mother didn’t swallow your dumbass
Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.
New flavour! I love it!
If u see the show you would realize that swearengen it's motivating the journalist, everyone will run in to painful situations some give up, some fight back
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun. 
... but he LOVES you. Perfect.
How do you hire the former DA? That sounds super helpful...
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!
In my experience, yes.
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.
You're the best kind of person. I hope that you find great family and friends in your mother's family.
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.
This is perfect!
Haha thank you for all of this! I’m sorry you can relate to it all, you stay safe out there!
I’m not a republican
And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines
I believe you copied and paste from somewhere or previous answer. We are definitely not talking about the same thing. Hope you get better man. Cheers.
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.
I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there
At least you can admit you missed it
Love the laugh at the end
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.
"Exactly, she wasn't ""venting"", she was abusing his fiancee. "
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.
Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.
This is peak level of marketing inception. When people promote your movie by admiring your promotion of the movie.
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.
I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.
nice try, [NAME]
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.
Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like ""fuck this shit"""
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show. 
Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.
We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank
Yes. Combined.
OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head
Do you feel better now?
Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.
I've had good luck reselling on StubHub. They take a cut but it is secure and easy to do.
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.
Hurt his ankle but he’s okay apparently
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!
Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc. 
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually""."
That’s something I hadn’t considered. I’ll do just that. Thank you!
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.
This is simply beautiful <3 thank you for sharing this, it touched my heart to hear such a wonderful success story <3
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!
Oh no this is cute
"My work days are usually similar....but even the ""good morning"" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!"
This is horrifying
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!
Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.
OMG kids are dying from polio??
Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.
Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!
Just do the steps and stop complaining.
*what the fuck*
I wouldn’t recommend expensive brands in this subreddit. People get irrationally angry and condescending.
How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post
I hope she wins next week
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr! 
Low effort bait, not even creative or funny.
Ok. Got it. Thanks
Until he goes back to school on Tuesday and all his friends are SO RELIEVED that he’s back safely.
Now if only America would do this
Now I don’t blame [NAME] for his way of thinking😂 people like this wtf
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!
I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?
Thanks. Though tbh I think some 3D characters, [NAME] etc could fit in. Though they might be some unlockable characters hidden maybe. 
Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.
Oh man! Oh boy!
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.
I loved how [NAME] feels like everyone in the office is her family. Her relationship with [NAME] is so cute and innocent
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed
I respect your laziness.
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol
Perfect, thank you!! [NAME] this week and [NAME] next week, I’m getting closer and closer to having them all!! :)
Sounds like you're in a good place. I'm happy for you. For me... Right now I don't care how my STBXH is doing. Hahaha.
Oh lol. Thanks for the clarification. I just thought that’s the texture of the tongue.
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier
Lol what an edgelord
Thank you I very much appreciate it.
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them
Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with
Well glad she got out of the situation safely. I would much rather NOT have to investigate and know someone is safe.
And if she isn't? That relationship could be wrecked and your friend destroyed for nothing
Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.
that was a horrible call
Of course you can. Wear a racist T-shirt for a day and see what happens.
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance
Please no, I have a family!!!
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. 
The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude
I used to feel like this. That’s a mental illness man
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.
That would be greatly appreciated.
Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.
As a college student that played football I'm with you lol. My team smashed mcdonalds all the time and it was great
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.
I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.
You guys are fools. This is gold.
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.
Have a nice day sport.
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore
[NAME] are as anti-men as democrats. Forcing your kids to be masculine because they're boys is as bad as brainwashing them with feminist crap.
Damn [NAME] great move
Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times! 
Lol, thank you!
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)
Don't forget the fort camper.
I agree with you! Just wishful thinking from me I guess aha!
Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive
That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?
Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country
Hmm. I don't disagree. It's unfortunate.
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy
I hate when I get extremely bored doing something that was once all consuming.
I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.
Well at least we won't have to spend as much time watching this.
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.
Wow! Thanks! We’re working on it! Glad you liked it (this is [NAME], the [NAME] one)... appreciate your support!
At least [NAME] gave us entertainment
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...
i started smoking cigars at 30 lol
It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)
Thanks so much!!!
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant ""autonomous"" power? Because I agree with that."
I guess the answer is pretty obvious too lol. It would be silly if you posted “[NAME] too...” the bucs?
If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.
Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!
Ignorance is the worst thing that can happen to someone
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.
So you are projecting to defend your hate. Nice psyche you have there enlightened one
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.
[NAME], Thank you!
Thank you for correcting me on these! I have taken them down. I will do more research in the future.
Yeah that was his mistake
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.
Sooooo happy for you.
So, so many hugs and high fives! You are an awesome momma. 
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail. 
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.
That would be terrible. I liked the way private Practice ended (more or less) so hopefully [NAME] doesn’t go for something cliche.
You are one pathetic human being.
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it
For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.
He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! 
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL
felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad 
I just see yes
Lol nah i’m not playing your game dude. Have a good night
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.
_Ooh, it looks like we just sold the last one earlier today_
Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality
My all time favorite band!!! Now my son listens to them and [NAME]!
The best for a reason.
It's hard to be good to yourself.
Looks like he's got the funk.
Imagine that when you breath in, your lungs feel crispy, that’s what -10 feels like
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. 
No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you
I want to come back as a tree
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.
Good on you dude. I'm west coast, but I'd love if anyone ever finds themselves in Seattle, I extend this offer.
Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!
I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that tbh...
I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.
I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.
This is actually a beautiful picture lol
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”
happy cake day
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw."
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..
Thanks for the sauce boss
Fantastic news for supply - hopefully it translates to less pressure on rents. This market desperately needs more supply and this is great news.
See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.
Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.
He looked like he fell in love
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.
Article is good. Not sure how it relates to “carve outs” for law enforcement.
I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure
HOW DARE YOU!!
stay safe man
Hahaha where was this when I started out.
thanks older generations :)
I laughed way harder then i shouldve
Alexa play Sad!
This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers ""everything is awesome"" narrative of the modern world either."
She is my friend
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”
Lmao compelling argument bud
Lol people still watch CBS?
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.
As a vegan, I can't tell you how happy I am to find any restaurant with vegan options! That man should be showering you with gratitude.
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates 
Truly wretched.
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be
Nobody has the money to. What a joke
Okay thanks for the advice!
I'm not crying, you're crying
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.
no worries, just clean your room
Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is 
Wow, this is terrifying.
He goes after my Wisconsin teams all the time... so I live that one haha. Pisses me off but still love em
Intrusive thoughts happen in anxiety disorders, although I'm not sure if that's what you're describing here
I could crush him like a bug right now.
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
How aren’t you in fucking school
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!
Thanks :)
The last message was particularly painful to read
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.
Wow this is pretty interesting. We should have a thread about what's it like to grow up in a polygamous household
Almost heaven...
Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.
Yeah, I actually like the combination of the two styles of names thought. Love the LAFC and the LA Galaxy...lol
Everybody seems to be lost.
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me
Drive thru is the worst. The number of times people would sneeze in my face at the window was infuriating.
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love! 
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊
You’re a stud 🙌🏻
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.
Black Mirror is great.
I’m glad I’m not the only one.
Kindly shut your pie hole.
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.
I cut onions to hide my feelings.
Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.
Considering the fact that I don't consider jealousy or envy useful, you are dead wrong. It might be other people but not me.
"[NAME] was good in ""My Love from the Star""."
The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch
This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!
Pizza time!
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.
I love assault
I don't believe you
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.
[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!
That is absolutely brilliant. Thank you so much for your help and support.
Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online. 
Thanks for your insight
I AM A LIBTAD LOL
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it
Peace to you both.
As a matter of fact I do plan to go to germany, and I am already at B2 level in german
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.
Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.
Post this on /r/nba lol
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.
If being bisexual means I'm in a cult, I'm kind of pissed because I haven't received my cult robes yet.
All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. 
I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!
My favourite commentator on this game
I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.
I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream. 
Mother’s Day is the worst.
My fav character
That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna 
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.
People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)
And I barely said anything 😂😂
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.
I feel so sorry for [NAME]..
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there
yes and I'm glad that this nonsense stops with me
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.
"I have no idea what ""[NAME]"" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous."
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.
I don’t think you understand selling at a loss
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*
And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.
Are you serious? Open up a fucking history book
Aww! congratulations!
Very well said.
I'm doing a lot better. It means a lot that you checked in on me. Thank you!
I hate to say it but....... I quite like this as a format - the burger and fries look shocking though.
Yea I'm poor :(
I'm cautiously optimistic about him.
Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. 
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion. 
Lol you're an idiot.
Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)
[NAME] over there kneeling in front of a picture of [NAME] riding a dinosaur thanking his savior for giving him the strength to be conniving little twat
Why is this being downvoted lol?
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned
Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post
Such a great moment. I love sports because you can always remember where exactly you were when great moments like this happened.
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.
oh. i didnt know that. ty
the fuck is wrong with this guy
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.
I'd love to do that one day
I agree, there’s no salt on that pretzel...monstrosity!
I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted. 
Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.
I feel personally attacked.
This is considered being successful at this point in their lives if you live downtown lol
Those are pretty good points. Not just for a hypothetical argument, but just good points about the plot in general.
Thank you.
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse
Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!
Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up
It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...
I’m broke as shit and already do that.
I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.
Yeah... but did you know he was undrafted out of Minnesota State?
i get the joke and still think this sucks.
[NAME] thank you so much this is so blessed
Better for his brand..but it's pretty clear... Welcome to the Raptors!!!
That cat's jump when the coyote takes his eyes off him.. Ouch!
I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!
It's a black cockatoo. They're rare and kind of beautiful to see.
If this guys name is [NAME] I know him. 😖
So basically Syracuse needs two starters out and a bunch of circus shots to compete lol. Is what it is I guess
Offense is taken, not given. Calm down, you'll live longer. 
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves. 
Heyyy bear hug!
That guy face was soul crushing
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.
Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.
Oh, fair enough. Praise be.
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams
You love your joke!
Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.
What, again? This stupid country!
That's what I would recommend too. Go for righteous deflection and second wind as your t2 and t3 for additional anti-gank potential
It's a shame you didn't get to see the event live. At least your followers get to see nice vertical view of what was going on.
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!
I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!
I could never deface my car like that omg
I still want BO4 multiplayer prestige 0 Level 55 icon PepeHands
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.
You are right but stick a cleanse on that bad boy and he's golden
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.
Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.
Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius. 
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!
That's so amazing! I am happy for you both!
I'm sick of them eating my cheddar.
It will work this time!
Yep gave me goosebumps.
Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)
That would be fun
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...
What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol
Stomping the Titans before Christmas in 2012. I got to watch nearly every playmaker do something big, and got to razz my Titans fan buddy all day. 
Use a damn rubber
Why does he have the vault boy face lol
Oh, I’m so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!
It’s rebranded as the ‘Quarter Note Hotel’. For now.
It's to save you the hassle of scooping the brains from the ground
My best guess is that it means 155 won, 6 lost, 839 drawn.
At least the crack makes it look cool eh. Happy new year :)
How is this any different from women who claim that all men are awful people? I'm sure you dislike it when women do that.
No. But that's really interesting. I might start doing that.
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]
Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.
NSW Police have always being great with the current memes. I wouldn’t be surprised if it is a 15 year old running the page.
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b
Same. She seems to get aggravated more easily now too. Hope it's just the political climate and not the tail end of her prime.
Screaming at this reply
I love it lol!
Wow, now I am sad
Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now
I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D
Carelessness will find no clemency in this place! (I was late, it seems that others have already got the best lines...)
"I have this problem. Sometimes my gaydar and my ""[NAME] interfere with each othrr"
Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.
Wow, if I hadn't seen my mom's cat recently I'd think this was him! I hope you find the owners
Oh [NAME] thank you.
And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol
Thank you thank you!! I have a feeling I will be reading for a while!
"The ""[NAME] says it's true"" line makes me think he's messing with you."
I was living for him. Now he left me. I'm not gonna live anymore.
I don't know why, but the thought of that hat on smoke makes me smile...
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.
Sounds dreadful.
Thankfully I had supportive and patient friends, lol.
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.
I stand fully corrected, thank you!
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️
No, no the PTA has not disbanded!
This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.
Get his master class. My boyfriend watched it and he got obsessed with cooking, knife techniques, etc. (for like 3 months).
Lol the “lower levels”. Very cute
So. Damn. Greasy.
Haha, just like teaching.
She’s so cute!
Sure, sorry for late response.
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!
So cute and there would be nothing with talking to her about it after and both being on the same page
That's a shame.. speaking of that though. Where are some good places to hear blues in the city?
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS
Goth pale is lovely.
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]
True. I'm not from the US so i dont know how they would go about enforcing this law.
With some editing and photoshopping this could be a badass album cover
Damn it!
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny
lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed
I love bang
"Many Stores are doing away with the ""fine"" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!"
This is amazing. This is how Christmas should be.
Oh joy, now my life is complete 🙄 Anything that ends in an -asm should be avoided like the plague. 
News flash scrims don’t mean shit.
Can’t relate
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!
[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.
I don't get your point. I love the grind as well, that's why I tried to get dark matter and prestige master. 
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.
Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)
Treat your wife like gold. Feed her well. Rub her feet. Repeat.
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.
I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.
I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)
Happy cake day [NAME]
I love Florida
LWX YOU SEXY BEAST
They played a lot worse on Saturday. Saturday was really, really bad for me.
>i told him we weren't sick we were just on drugs. Lol unexpected
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.
yuck no I'm waiting until marriage obvs
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.
You’re killing me. Let a brotha know next time lol
Sorry about that!
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.
Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.
lmao... okay buddy
Enjoy wes virginnie
Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
I’ll keep that in mind lol thanks a lot!
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.
[NAME] and [NAME] may be stronger, but [NAME] just gone mad. She's lost the plot for sure.
> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol
here’s hoping the same is true for me!
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture
Welcome to the Wild West. It's fucking amazing.
Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh
good to see your story had a happy ending!
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.
Nice try Gillette
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team
what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as ""the lizard""."
Exactly my point
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.
I love how it stops just before the impact
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news
Thank you for these helpful points. I’ll read them again later.
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious
Why does everyone keep assuming that we’ll suddenly sign big name FA’s? This is a terrible idea.
Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!
I'm already tall, I just need to stop being a lanky scarecrow... at least I got good hips
It is pretty funny. Our wives cannot stand when we're all together because it's all we talk about lol
Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*
I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight
Yeah they taste so fake!!
Thank [NAME] , surprising he doesn't want the mets deal
It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?
Yes, I know. But thanks, no damage to the second car and just some scratches on mine.
Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!
I know right? Getting that wrong would’ve de-railed the joke.
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself
Hahaha okay that actually made me laugh. Thanks man
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.
That sounds frustrating!
Right back at ya! Also love the username!
only suckers believe this don't be a sucker
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.
Thanks to the finicky nature of the reddit app, i accidentially gilded this post. Congrats :p
It doesn’t help
You've aged horribly'
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later. 
Thank you! And may [NAME] shine His love upon you!
Cant wait til [NAME] passes him. [NAME] is an ungrateful mofo. Anyone that praises their own work ethic and hard work needs slapped silly.
Did you buy a new saddle as well. Also need to go to settings and set as default or make it active.
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.
Are those the numbers from last season? [NAME] is a significantly better player this year than he was last year
Your company sucks.
In 10 years, she’s still be a loser.
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?
I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.
I really like this one.
Awesome! Thanks a lot. Brings back memories
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre 
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.
This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.
What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.
I agree with [NAME].
ARGH!!
I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!
"The ""Nice, nice."" Is really cringy for some reason."
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted
"""Why everyone hurts me?"""
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s
Omg lmao. Coming from [NAME] too is super embarrassing. I can't really say I feel bad for [NAME] though, he did it to himself. 
True but I think that's what the other poster was thinking at least
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.
No,no, you are right we should murder everyone we hate other wise hateful people win. 
Weird flex but ok
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”
Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.
I hate people who can't *read* Dx
I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.
Thanks GM & Ford!
At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.
*my fat normie slut*
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible
Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.
[NAME] is 19 karma away from beating cancer. Please upvote to save this young man's life!!
Great for moderate sedation in the ER!
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...
Just stop.
Why are you so angry?
It’s copypasta from like 2004 lol
I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in
this would work!!
At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things
Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!
He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. 
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care
Well done Kepa get in!!!!
Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.
I am on month 9 post discard. The anxiety has lifted tremendously, and the depression is still looming but not as bad. 
We just got paper straws and we have to ask everyone if they want one first. it's anoying.
5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated
Coming back pretty strong with UFC Fortaleza at least. [NAME] vs. Moicano has me excited
Fuck why didn’t I think of that
Very good to know! Thanks!
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to
Thanks for keep us posted
I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.
It was in a downward trend since 9 years ago, thanks [NAME]! 
Thank you for this encouragement. It's been a very long time since I've made any progress
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.
Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.
Fucking hate [NAME]..
Not a chance on this
No, I just haven't seen that here, and I wanted you to show me that's all.
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.
I run both, use my bl, next chase, dh. Even with exhausted, bl has that stagger reduction, so you can kite killers
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.
There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓
This is actually really sweet... 46 g of sugar per tattoo sweet
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)
Haha look at these liberals crying about children being raped in cages haha what snowflakes haha
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong
It’s fake
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies
One of those is not like the others.
Glad it's not just me!
Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.
Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that
Damn you two need help
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌
Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.
Thank you! Well put I am not the best at putting my thoughts into words so well said thank you that was the point I was going for!
That makes sense with NBC owning coverage of the Olympics.
. . . Uh huh, interesting
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the ""nice guy"" here."
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”
Rare? HAHAHAHAHAHA
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in 
Apart from the flashy plating, it's probably the most famous dutch restaurant and has 3 Michelin stars. I hope they don't serve mediocre food there
how'd you know? they're soooo good
Congrats to your wife and you! Hope everything goes well!
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.
Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.
Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.
Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.
Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.
Thanks mate. I’ll incorporate that into my game. Thanks mate.
Thanks for the review, comments, etcetera.
Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that. 
It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck
*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*
Stop attacking me
Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.
You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.
Yeah I don't think so lol
I hate to break it to you but [NAME] ARENT signing here
Thank you for your help
Whoa now, easy there on the logic.
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!
I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.
Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me. 
Maybe she realized that what she did was extremely stupid so she was trying to hide her face so that her shame would somehow disappear.
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast
Yes, I will GI A+B6 LH more often, it's really good. Thank you for the tip!
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.
No, I prefer having a forest
Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!
Extremely painful to watch
I really need to get more sleep.
We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.
You’re a genius.
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.
As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it. 
he's a fantastic director, i've actually never heard of memories of murder! definitely will add that to my to-watch list :)
**You are breaking the car!**
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!
This kinda looks like something shot in the style of Reno 911. Especially the bit where the cops look back and simultaneously say “Jaywalking!”
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.
Lies, damn lies and statistics. 
I love it in spades
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex. 
Very good (and depressing) point haha
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.
Shhhh, don’t say that, your going to trigger a millennial 
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk
This literally broke my heart
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!
We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.
And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hell’s Kitchen and Survivor.
I love when people make proclamations without backing any of it up with examples or proof.
Then spend already! Go get [NAME] and [NAME] and [NAME]. Bring up that young talent and dominate already.
I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌
I slept so great last night uwu More wins vs them please!
I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME] 
“Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.”
What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror
Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs. 
regret unfollowing him...
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.
No one loves you. Cry more.
Love in a way is a choice. In a relationship, you choose to look past your partner's faults
Thank you for the level headed advice
"I love how the lab is in the front like ""shotgun!"" ."
Lol now that I see it put in this way, it's even more sad. Thanks :(
That place must be a gold mine of good stories.
LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?
I love sliding so yea
Thank u!!! Im gonna try this one bless u
Good. I'm glad that you are getting help.
I meant after tech school but thanks
Happy to help!
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.
What did you use to kill them all? Sorry I’m kinda a noob
Good to hear - I am glad you at least have that choice.
We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams
[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.
That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.
That’s awesome!
I have a solid plan in place, definitely not an impulse decision. Just curious about other people’s experiences. 
I feel you! Sending love and support
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.
>!This really crushed my soul!<
Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha
Welcome to adulthood my bro.
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.
Over 9000 IQ Tracer. Cheers love.
Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned
Happy cake day man!!!
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.
Broke and jealous
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.
Too bad they lost.
It only gets worse kiddo. Someone call [NAME] and get this girl an upgrade.
toy has lost its value
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.
Happy real life cake day my dude :)
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.
Holy shit I was so anxious reading this. I’m so sorry
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.
Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!
Orange man funny but concerning
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.
Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.
Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad
I knoooow like why do people exist just to make things worse I’m so tired of all these alts/ weird question askers
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me. 
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard
Why am I excited for the new season
Tried to ride the Overwatch train and crashed miserably.
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op
[NAME] I HATE those.
Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.
You can't buy a toe line.
Welcome back, [NAME]
true... good luck! You're doing the right thing.
Well that was strangely majestic.
I hope she figures out he isn’t before anything happens. The entitlement herre is just over the roof
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating
At least my suffering is over.
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too
Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.
[NAME] fucking dammit
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way
Studid fuckin idiot
Pareto principle, 20% of the work done gets you 80% results.
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.
Yikes, what a loony bird.
Thanks a [NAME]
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.
There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.
Having fewer friends means having deeper friendships in many cases. I can tell when someone isn't my real friend.
What a sheltered life you have lived.
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.
I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break 
Not funny....
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache
Well one would believe they have learned their lesson regarding nuclear
I think this is my favourite story of the year so far.
Let's watch impractical jokers!
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!
This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.
Dude I love these
I’m positive he’s going to leave her
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!
look at [NAME] over here.. of course it alone won't fix our financial problems lol
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!
Yeah I've noticed that. I probably give off Aspie traits to NTs but Aspie like traits bug me
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. 
Must be nice
Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!
get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks
Agreed I also love the snot physics towards the end of the game.
Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.
Those boots look very warm but I can't imagine wearing them inside. She does look cool though
liberals are filthy animals
Already taken haha
It has been a good snow and bad avalanche season in the rockies. Haha, thin and tight, just how i like‘em.
Underrated comment.
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game
"I didn't know that kind of ""full-tang"" existed. Good to know. "
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.
This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.
[NAME] has been really blunt about things lately, I love it.
I very much appreciate it.
As a [NAME], this very relatable
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.
So you're not a incel LMFAO. Go bang more women bro better then that get some friends bro. I'm not Livestreaming with you.
I'm also happy you're still here!!
If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.
This makes me so sad :’( Well done OP!
My error has already been highlighted thanks.
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers
Mmm ... Chicken milk.
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!
W-what a great audience
My pride. I'm like a roach, unsightly to look at but determined to survive 
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(
Wow. In real time we have it in action. You lack any degree of self awareness.
Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/
I am so relieved
There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!
Welcome! :)
Damn. Low tech bait bike
I'm gonna be brave and tickle the cop.
If that were my car the spare would be flat too, so at least you've got that going for ya.
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!
That's right nearby. Thanks!
But hey, at least it saves us the trouble of contacting them!
Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.
Do not destroy your life bc of feelings for an underaged person. think back to when you were 14
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. 
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!
Happy Another Day random strangers!
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.
It was a poor choice of words.
hope they had fun in the snow!
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...
ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than ""oNLY"" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100."
[NAME] face looks so cute here. What happened. Too many fillers ?
Lol- nah, she is pretty cool as far as that goes. She loves hosting people. 95% of her wardrobe is [NAME] though :(
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.
Damn I was about to go out tonight.
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad
Thanks buddy, looks pretty cool.
So you are in Finland or Israel? Edit: that is kind of funny, I said that, THEN clicked on your profile, and sure enough 
That's the best line in the entire show for me.
Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.
This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]
Can’t believe no one said [NAME] when she slept with [NAME]!!! I love [NAME] and I felt personally betrayed. Wish they never reunited.
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.
One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.
Because people hate freedom
Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.
I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.
I sub white mocha for the classic. Delicious.
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.
This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.
You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes 
I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.
I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.
What a creepy mc creeperson. I hope he doesn't continue to try to contact you.
Definitely better than mine lol. Some good players on there.
The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.
I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. 
"> ""I have full confidence in [NAME]..."" *Now* you are being diplomatic."
He is the best
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.
This is everything! Congrats for being brave, cause I know I wouldn't be. Keep us posted on what happened
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.
This is honestly hilarious and will remain hilarious.... dare I say, forever!? Well done [NAME].
Thanks, and play ball!
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!
Yeah what a great sport!
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.
THIS is a good reply, and I have kids.
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.
Hey PBR is good ‘cheap’ beer tho.
"""Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede""."
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.
Hmm I thought I was playing the game for fun and excitement and unlocking skins was just an added bonus
Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.
"Welcome to the ""new"" normal"
Spriefs ( spandex/athletic boxer briefs). Feels like nothing, keeps your junk in place, breathable and is super cool looking.
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.
Then they're the worst fascists of all time, because their critics have been extremely loud and public, while not being murdered.
Or woman who would look beautiful without her glasses and ponytail.
It’s misleading. Better article:
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy. 
"I workout to ""the grid"" a lot. It's a 20 minute piece that continually builds. Its wonderful."
thank you!
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. ""No."""
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) 
Okay, cool. Thanks.
"[NAME], the ""launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]"" one made me lose it."
LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well. 
Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.
It's an mi5 threat to Ireland. Funny how [NAME] may wants to amend GFA the next day
This is where the fun begins.
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?
According to you lol. MBTI could potentially be all of those things if applied correctly.
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.
LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. 
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.
nah, i know enough
It goes a long way to explaining American mental health issues. Have you ever bothered to read anything?
Are we seeking attention? Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now
Can a lad please send me one of whatever the fuck this is plz.
thank you guys!
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! 
I am a 34-year-old lover of plushies. You are in good company, my friend.
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net
Really? Everything seems pretty in order to me
Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D
It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!
thats right i do remember you!
Very cute!
Don't be, this is funny. I love it when [NAME] shows his emotions.
Come to Melbourne [NAME], my wife cooks a rest roast we would love you over for dinner
Great, now my balls hurt and I’m yawning uncontrollably. 
I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved. 
I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead
Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.
That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.
Also i think that person is really shitty and I’m sorry you experienced that. People are animals sometimes.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** The_Fuzz_damn_you! ^(hug)
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.
WHAT A DISGUSTING START
I guess I can see how someone thousands of miles away would say that, but its far from the truth.
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.
Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.
Self serving cowards.
This is my hat now... this is totally my hat...
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes 
OMG this Extreme Love commercial. Yikes.
This is why I love this subreddit.
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!
That’s what I ended up doing lol
She's stricter in the source material, I believe. Disney, as usual, watered her down. (No offense to the wonderful [NAME].)
I'm not. He and I still thrive. I hope you're doing alright.
thats life lol
How do you get locked up by [NAME] lol
And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.
She was HOPING she was gone!
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.
For the most part yes.
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.
Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?
It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.
Okay, you accidentally injured someone. Good luck in court buddy
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince
Let’s learn to love our neighbors like the [NAME] learned in Rome
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me. 
Thank you, I had no idea if it was normal or not lol. I felt like I was the only one until just now. I appreciate it 
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.
This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.
this video makes me sad
Not delusional at all imo
^ I find both creepy tbh.
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though. 
She’s like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.
Sure they'd love that
The only objectives elements I read is : industrial farming/industrially farmed. The rest is only self-godism.
Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists
thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project
That was a beautiful shirt
pro tip they go in the hole better if you chop em up first
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.
Seconded! [NAME] is gorgeous.
I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.
You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.
plz pm the telegram group thanks
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.
Ohhh. [NAME] is my absolute favorite person ever. She just gets better as the season goes on. Enjoy!
Thanks [NAME], I could unclench two minutes earlier.
Praying for you to find peace soon, man. 
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3
Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend
I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious
It's not that bad. Not even the employees were cringe worthy. I'm glad that they were all enthused about having fun with the seniors.
I love cowboy.
He literally looks like a potato
One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink
She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12
Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆
I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.
This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.
Thank you.
Love futurama.
Oh that's so sad
I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha
Thank goodness she came clean! no one would have ever suspected otherwise!
Damn.. fell for that one
This is dank what the hell
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho
Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run
They've been banned. We'd like to start leaving up more comments though so that threads actually make sense. Capitalists will always be banned.
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.
Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.
I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.
What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.
Im always worrying about the same thing, thats why Im always posting and within hours freaking out and deleting my posts 
"Read the poem ""To this Day"". I just read it. I liked it."
This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.
Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.
the truth is sexist, deal with it
ha Ha HA
jeeez i've never seen a scorpion so bad it actually flipped the person up right
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.
These are lovely, I have one.
I'm proud, Reddit. This is a big deal to a fan. I'm genuinely happy for him. 
Thank you all for the insight.
Alright well nice discussion for sure. Think this just gave me an idea for r/changemyview so thanks for that.
No, just dont show off your books. 
Interesting, thanks!
That was my favorite character... :’(
Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees. 
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.
Nope. Has been and still is my favorite
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.
Careful, it's hot 
It's scenes like this that make me remember how truly special this show is.
Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.
that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry
Thanks mate.
...Great. Hope your insurance doesn't fuck you.
Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.
YES. Thanks man. Now I can feel less weird about my 20-year long passive aggressive rivalry with my sister. That means a lot.
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.
Oh don’t worry, I have an oil for that
Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??
haha thats an option
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.
Nice Map. I love the fact line 6 is pinkish red rather than silver
Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore
Beyond nightmare!!
How he ups the tone along with his eyes to desperation at the end is just hilariously amazing.
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮
Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch
No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?
Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much. 
Hm okay. I’ll tell the technician that’s what I believe it is and do some googling now. Thanks for the quick response!
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.
"This is why the option isn't ""be accurate"" but ""be as accurate as you can"""
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.
agreed. excited to see how this team looks on opening day.
Love their king onion soup! Such a gem, also they have good local wine there
I like you
It's better for the future to suck and draft top 5 than be mediocre and draft 12th?
in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.
Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past 
i’m so glad you’re doing good now! have a great new year and keep pushing on my guy!
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂
this is so true!
Calm down kid jeez
This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!
I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol
That’s pretty neat
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.
No you pick a different hero. Aint fkn rocket science.
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster
Fair enough.
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.
I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them
Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha
Sorry to disappoint, we are working very hard as employees to turn this thing around. Hopefully we can change your mind in the future. 
Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.
/uj this looks fucking delicious
Her reply is immoral and disgusting but it is also brilliant. She's not trying to convince intelligent people, she's trying to motivate angry jealous people.
The worst!! I don’t get cramps so much but my back will kill me
I'm a firm climate change believer but jeez that was painful to read. Sorry, this is far from bestof
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks 
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.
That sounds really interesting.
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.
Seriously, [NAME], if you happen to see this, I love not just your work, but who you are. Thanks for being awesome. ❤️
Someone did this when the roommate was breaking into her room and trying to leave dirty cat litter in it
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!
I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...
Oh no, not again! 
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does
I wish I could give it to you. I've always had negative comments.
Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit
[NAME] damn it [NAME].
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright
You sweet summer child...
This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...
Did you just say suck a fuck?
I agree 100%
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people 
I am very happy with the changes. And also very pleasantly surprised the dairy industry didn't manage to make them include more dairy.
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.
>[NAME] pulls publicity drama stunt with mild success. FTFY
But you’re so so loved! Please find some to talk to! I hope you can overcome this sad part of life.
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D
Best time to stop lurking, you know why? So I can see your handsome face 
Group of guys with full auto guns? Na, bow and arrow guy wins again!
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.
I ain’t your pal buddy.
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax 
Thank you, you are blessed
Roger that thanks
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.
Worst episode of the entire show
There is no way around it :(
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!
Totally understand and love this.
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!
I love this.
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines. 
I literally do not like this
Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this
I for one am with you on this train. I loved [NAME] man but this sub is losing its damn mind lol
BANG motherfucker!
Thank you for your help my friend
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.
Hahaha. I see what you did there!
She sounds hideous.
This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could! 
He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?
This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol
Yup, Telltale was good. Until 2016.
Awesome pic!
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.
White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.
Breast? Ah, I like it.
Thank you so much :)
Him being in prison (if these useless people and their story is real) HIV and Hep C should be a concern for her.
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'
And suddenly the UK join doesn't look so bad.
Hey, I love you! 😁
I love you both
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Or you could y'know just be a nice person and respect other people's opinions and likes? ^Since ^you ^clearly ^have ^plenty ^of ^your ^own
And I clapped. So hard.
Of course it was a huge hit for him. I hate people
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!
because it's fun
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!
Yo creep, please get help!
Thanks cool sub
My only issue is he keeps blowing draft picks on QB’s that are terrible.
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.
Yeah, series of holes like that make me uncomfortable and this picture has popped up in my head too many times since I first saw it. 
How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.
Same here. I drink a pint of water? No bathroom needs for at least two hours. Pint of beer? Half an hour, tops.
I made this a 41 from a 42, so satisfying!
Ah man, so many memories of those skits
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.
Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷
"you said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false"
I love you
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.
Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.
Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude
omg, poor little bean 
My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.
That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.
His wrists are too small ☹️
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror
If you don't patent, then don't complain
If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P
That’s an amazing photo. Thanks for sharing!
That's a cute spider.
Happy Birthday!!
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?
actually pretty hot tho
Because it's scary, and therefore thrilling to face your fear. Also the shrimp are easier to catch at night.
Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂
I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.
"#""""Haha so relatable omg so me"""""
I’m so happy for you! Keep doing the damn thing! :):)
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately
And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.
Exactly. But beyond the surprise factor, the execution was perfect.
He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.
Im very interested. Contact me if you are going to set one up and want/need help.
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon
Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort
Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..
Dad's Army! Lol!
What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far
[NAME] I hope this permanent.
You monster! Think of the children!
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.
Haha enjoy your life sweaty. Haha
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.
What’s all this meow?
Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!
you guys are mean lol. teacher said talk to a forum if there's no existing church. thanks anyways
I don't like [NAME] she is not relevant to the series.
That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.
Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies! 
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it. 
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”
Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol
Besides the fact that's it's funny she also looks like me witch makes it .5% funnier
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish
I wish that too 😢
Yes!!!!
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so
Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.
It's seriously terrifying!
This sent shivers down my spine
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.
No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.
"That's what I said! I'm like ""I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!"""
Damn perfect 👌
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.
That [NAME] part killed me!
Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.
I'd be honored
Punchy is Life <3
I like the way your mind works.
thank you i’ll focus on education and just bettering myself to the best
No lie his jumpshot is pretty If he can hit those 3x more in-game, oh my god; [NAME] for [NAME] straight up
I hope it doesn’t get worse
Happy birthday, [NAME]!
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am. 
Thank you. You too.
Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)
You’re awesome! :)
I may have undersold the amount of trucks. 😂
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album
You are an awesome partner.
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.
Oh noo! You are the best dog owner :)
There are worse things!!!:
Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time. 
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events
The remix is funny man.
Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.
DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.
Just take it easy son.
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.
It would be faster then light travel
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.
"Don't ""neg"" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. "
great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them
This exchange made my day. From a female doc, thanks for getting it. 
I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.
yeah, it's basically Hillsong with sugary shakes pretending to be food. 
That convention center sized groan right after the reveal.... No one wanted this. I have no idea what they were thinking.
I think this is my favourite one ever.
Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.
Whataburger misses you
"I love his calls even when things get ""pear-shaped"""
yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.
Thank you!! I really enjoyed the first song and the song by The Avalanches. Both were very melodious and charming.
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.
Respect for the person to let you know upfront.
This guy seems like a real genius.
It does lol If you delete it off your phone it wouldn’t trace your estimated location unless it’s active on it
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!
Skeptical approach, always lol
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.
Thanks, didn't know that
This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.
Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.
Pretty cool that the same building is there just a different use.
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!
I'm still testing the waters. Hazelnut mocha latte with almond milk is da bomb!
used to be some rowdies in phx, hope people are putting together a response to this...
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.
Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub
First- damn what a block Secondly- that was a really smart timeout there. Expected a prayer shot.
LOL that would be way better
LMFAO! Thank you but I was inquiring about the OTHER one.
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies 
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'
It’s beautiful hun
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them
I love this place. I have multiple things from them, and the employees are super great.
Awesome, thank you! :)
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people
"You are also church people. Just ask her out ""Hey my relationship is open and you seem awesome, can I take you out for coffee?"""
Dude I hope you get help and get clean again. Best of luck to you.
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)
All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped
Drink up before it gets cold
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim
You are not intereating. You are an annoying cunt who should have never been concieved.
I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!
Looks very dry
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.
Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic
I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)
it's an amazing feeling! I love being happy :))))
Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.
Its not the best state But its better than most states.
Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled
Oh fucking come on
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote 
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha
SUFFER MORTALS!
Sorry I should have said army.
You're welcome. I'm always up for providing ammo for fighting the narrow minded and religiously intolerant.
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid
I hope you have good people around to support one another.
Which makes zero sense lol
Montreal is a beautiful city
My entire body aches now
I wish I could forget
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice
All without a red circle, color me impressed.. 
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person
plumlee is such a bully. i love it
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.
Dude looks like a lady
> Do you need me to link posts or something? Yep. Nice ban evasion account, by the way. 
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.
You are correct. I was mistaken. My apologies. I appreciate the correction.
Except [NAME], he somehow defies any common sense and sometimes he comments here.
Damn [NAME] let himself go
Hahaha! Omg, that’s so funny. Thanks for taking one for the team. I heard it was bad but not that bad. 
Thank you. Message me.
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.
Obviously a flying monkey somewhere. What a nightmare that guy is. I'm glad you cut him out of your life.
Ohhh, thank you for enlightening me 😂😂
That one is much better.. you win :(
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.
Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt. 
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster
"This is stupid, if it is ""standard"" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared? "
As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol
Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!
My girlfriend and I watch it all the time and love making love while it’s playing in the background!
Nah, I think it's being as dull as a butter knife.
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/
Nobody likes you
Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.
She has a PINK semi?? Wow! Impressive!
Nah, she cute dawg. 
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.
This is a beautiful reply with advice that is spot on.
Now maybe :)
...silly walks
I've been in China for years. I love it. Great job, apartment and love my city. I've never had a single problem 
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible
Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day
"I agree. You can support a cop getting some pushback from a prole without supporting the one doing said ""pushback""."
Happy to hear this exciting news. Congratulations on your fun-filled morning.
Only 22? Weak.
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?
Would it be great if they instead swap around old-rich-guys blood
I either know you, or know someone who has done the exact same thing. Either way I hope that makes you feel better xD
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha
Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down
I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.
I'm a parent and am telling you that dude is sad and insecure as fuck.
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for
[NAME] reaction is Like she really wanted to say “Thank God. Now I have a reason to leave”
Be careful with this weed
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
Fucking hell...
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and we’re already making fun of him
It could be how depression is effecting you but i don't think it's crazy
Yeah I think you understood my issue then
Oof thank you
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.
Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.
oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist. 
Yep. I'm glad I never did. I'll gladly use their service for free when it suits me and give them nothing in return
Glad to hear this. Thank you.
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.
My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!
I like to laugh
> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.
Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.
If this is true, then we should be having kids out the ass
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.
Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.
I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.
That would be a hoot wouldn't it? Thank you!!
Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer
Thanks, that's exactly what I needed to hear 💜
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here
One can only hope
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.
I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier
It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop
This is so damn cute, I love it!
Lmaoooo how’d you miss him that close 😂 sweet justice
Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.
Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.
This was amazing
I just don't like our options in the off season.
Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks. 
Agreed. Was just pointing out the rules to OP.
Happy cake day friend
Lol oh shit everyone turn around
😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.
I don't think we can beat capitalism, but there is a lot of progress to be made. 
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -
Awesome job!!
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. 
Great Photo. Really showcases what most outsiders expect when they come to Nashville for a show!
Aw how cute, the human garbage wants help. 
Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)
What a fuckin n
Oh boy is this gonna be the new thing? Cause I like it.
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.
Happy Wednesday night brother.
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.
I am glad the media got everyone all riled up before this information came out.
Asuelu nailed it.
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?
She did mention she loves making costumes
Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it
"I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might ""have legs"" "
Happy cake day!
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one
Thats great :) just dont shy away and embrace that you will go down a unique journey.
Pure unadulterated hatred. It’s disgusting.
Holy crap! I want to hear this story!
No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating. 
Oh that’s funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao
Im not going to swear
Please keep your head up, things get better, stay strong. :)
I hate when that happens.
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho
Thank goodness.
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.
And that is what cognitive dissonance looks like. People do the craziest things when reality doesn't meet their expectations.
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.
Yay, another second tier free agent over 30. Thank God we're making a market for these players. Go Mets!
Didn't look that thick either...no snow....this was ending badly no matter what.
Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)
[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!
Yes it is. But from what I've read it sounds like it was after the testimony and not one of the charges against him.
I thought it was like a fake url sorry
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.
It’s getting so annoying
Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊
"There's no such thing as ""toxic masculinity"" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism."
Vanity is a sin, [NAME] wants us to hate our bodies
They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.
That would be so nice to see
Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.
I once got one missing half a wafer. So delicious.
should've rolled into battle with a sword brad. that would have fuckin' rocked
Waiting must be really boring
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]
You are not stupid, just overthinking, it will get lost in countless other posts and in the future it won't matter, good luck.
She looks so much better. She really is pretty.
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.
I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options
I needed to hear this. I'm resigning my good paying FT soul sucking job to try something new. Wish me luck!
Oh man that title hurt my brain.
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O
What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.
Good, I need an hour to align my chakras for the impending stress 
One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
Awesome photo, love the bricks in the background and the color suits you chose. Very nice gents! 
Wish a cute girl would stare at me.
Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.
Here we go boys. Have a good game
I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.
Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.
Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...
It's probably an obvious answer, but it's bad around major cities and okay in the countryside.
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome
If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work! 
Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !
Wow such a story! This is great art. Can I find more stuff like this somewhere?
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once
It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol
This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out 
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.
You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!
That trade turned out to be a complete disaster for us. Too bad.
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.
That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?
I like that idea.
You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.
for how long, you arent fucking with me?
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.
CONGRATS! Happy for both your personal health journey and being in a healthy place for a relationship, sounds like beginning of an awesome new chapter! 
Happy to help
Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.
Very very very naive.
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!
whoops I still hope they press that legislation though
That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing
I'm interested, more than I should be.
Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up
For a super interesting participatory democracy example, [NAME] has a fantastic vid on YouTube about Cuban democracy.
Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out. 
Thank you.. Makes my heart happy that someone can appreciate this thread :)
I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.
Thanks for the great response. Btw I’m not British, I’m an [NAME].
Now that would be an interesting game! Not quite sure it's the matchup I'm looking for though. Lol
Good luck.
Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.
Thank you. 😀
The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*
Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too. 
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot
"""joke's on you, I was only pretending"""
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭
Ur right. It was a loose comparrison.. I hope i got my point across at least.
My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though
Oh, exploitable
nice try, FBI!
it's basically summer here right now. these posts are clueless.
My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.
This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched
Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!
I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)
"Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... ""that's my boy for real, for real"". Love that."
I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming
I dont think self-sources work for TIL.
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.
Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this
This - people have been saying he’s 5 mins away from impeachment since he got elected, lol.
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable
[NAME] is a happy boi!!
I'll make a note of this. Thanks!
"Said to my very white-looking brunette coworker once: ""Are you an oriental?"""
I think we all know [NAME] has the best curves in team history.
The intro in that video looks like a sand storm on there, imagine a sand storm while playing GA on that map, it would be awesome!
Yeah I've become extremely cynical since I started making these sorts of realizations.
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. 
lol at them both getting downvotes
I think it was more hope, we all make mistakes. I thought [NAME] was going to step up.
Thank you, I appreciate it <3
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. 
At least you're laughing. It's a step in the right direction. Have a great Friday Me. Flower-of-Power! ;-)
Thank you :) that’s very generous :) xo
Wow so brave!
No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit. 
Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(
Beautiful part of the world. Heading back up in a few weeks once the snow finally settled!
I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.
Thanks, I'll resubmit
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.
Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.
You must be fun at parties.
Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.
This is the best. I love it
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism
Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it
Stay safe, you will find someone one day. 
I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!
That's a good policy.
Is this the best that you could come up with?
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad
You definitely have a sexy [NAME] look going on.
:( bastards
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough
What. The. Fuck.
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.
[NAME] has stolen my heart.
Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation
It's very normal in most parts of the world. It just rightfully appears horrifying to those in 1st world countries.
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.
Thanks man:) great advice!
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.
That's a rather annoying extrapolation of what I said.
You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up
"Yes, and when I do say ""no"" I'm filled with tremendous guilt. "
I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!
Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch
I agree. That should be the core. [NAME] will be an elite defender
You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)
Oh it’s hilarious, but not because of the act, but because of the overreaction of everyone in these threads.
I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.
[NAME] brought in a guest writer for this so hopefully it gets rectified soon. I still really like DrawTwo but this has to be fixed
Absolutely! The Republicans are craven
If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work. 
for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending
Thanking people isn't manly.
Jabronis... cool word!
Why is [NAME] me though lmao
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?
But actually, they are all beta
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha
Completely understandable. Lots of players who are new and don't realize how big of a distraction that is
i also cried
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.
This is a good point, thanks :)
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs
I love this kid.
While true, that's not what they're talking about here
Wow! What a big beautiful terrific post, thank-you OP for enlightening us to these hidden truths.
And in those dominion game, everyone clapped. And [NAME] was there.
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.
Yeah, my bad
> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.
Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.
I’m scared.
Nice, I didn't know that! Thanks for the info.
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?
I would just like to say that this is an excellent comment. Well-written, and very insightful. Thank you comrade.
Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.
Hahaha exactly, and deciding on even the most simple of things
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.
Awesome. Thanks man.
Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho
Dude you’re honestly unhinged. I think you need a break from the internet for today... it’ll do you some good.
Riot keeping nailing it in the cinematic and music department. That was so fun to watch, especially how amazing [NAME] and [NAME] part was.
Are you ghosting?
I would love to hear yours u/jellyjellyspace You posted a pretty unique topic
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.
Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.
After christmas. January 4th. Lol
Only joking, love the show and almost any meme involving it gets my upvote. 👍
You have no idea how high I can fly.
Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.
[NAME] speed, and good luck.
I'd love an updated Garris!
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy
Well he gets an A+ for fackin over the people!
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.
Omg i love you hahahahgaha
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!
I live for this comment 🙌🏻 i just thought it was me getting older and losing touch with whats “trendy” but am glad its equally hated
Lol. What a great way to start off the morning
I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.
Your pedo-tache is only the fourth worst thing about your face.
Wait there are still people on this subreddit who haven't blocked that account? I'm impressed.
That’s my mission :) thank you so much
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.
That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.
Addressed this elsewhere but I was mistaken. Thanks for the correction.
lol, you dieded
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.
Katy/cypress area is just as bad if not worse in some areas. Luckily we only saw one driver obviously drunk but there were several wrecks. Be safe everyone
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends
Hush up. This is one of our greatest accomplishments. Teaching minorities the subtle art of self suppression though mutual degradation was no small task.
I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.
Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.
very interesting hill to die on
No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.
"Thanks, I was confused, too. I was like, ""how did your grandma rinse vegetables??"" Lol"
I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.
How DARE you!
"""I like it when you x"", ""can you try doing y?"" - focus on positive and giving advice"
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !
I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...
I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.
Nope, but is that a thing people who talk about digestive enzymes over lunch breaks should do? 
Ik man. I probably would too, even though it would probably lead to my death... best of luck to you friend. I hope you find happiness
Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L
I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.
same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM
"That's not correct. The ""Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area"" includes Durant, as it does Athens. "
"More comments than upvotes lol ""Most Democratic"" How do you even measure that? "
“we love [NAME]!”
I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.
Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.
Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature
Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.
Thanks for the insight
You deserve better. Good things will come. Hang in there.
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 
Never said I didn’t have a hobby. Looking for suggestions and a third person perspective thanks
Well thats just mean.
I.. love arby's..
Leave wet puddles everywhere!
I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.
That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!
Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...
I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.
That’s a good way of putting it
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.
Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.
Pretty sure he was being facetious guy
She talks about him getting some manners... She's the only without manners... and she should've gotten kicked off...
but I love your username
This is not good.
"I put ""haha"" after everything I say because I'm insecure "
Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.
Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol
Summer Beaver, nice place. 
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.
Are you joking??????
Fuck this team
Why'd I get downvoted? Am I not allowed to watch Spider-man?
Best comment ever
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.
How much carbon you're removing doesn't matter much if you're still adding way more than you remove.
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?
I can't read Korean. Out of curiosity, what are the others?
I mean fun
I get that. That's why thet time limit. Even if it's just to reevaluate.
Apparently he has returned to the bench so hopefully he's ok.
What a king. So sweet
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.
Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)
Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.
No, this was pretty expected
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.
>Many of these jobs are necessary for society That's where you are wrong
Thank you [NAME]
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!
You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.
Ok you're a little homophobic
I love your username, btw. Happy new year! 
I get my tax money back every year, no complaints. Plus the college and other skills i got were worth it.
Very happy to hear that. I hope he keeps at it, and is open and honest with them.
our enemy, the state 
[NAME] has no jump at all. If he’s injured he should sit and get better.
Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.
Lol. Weed is a he'll of a drug. I'm not changing a thing. Prey away.
Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...
Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.
Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.
Hmmm. She is Korean. Based on the early posts I didn't see that one coming.
He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.
Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit
Your ass after I beat you so hard you shit yourself
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(
You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well. 
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield
My contribution for that wonderful
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.
haha. I think he means this in a good way. Just poorly verbalized.
Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!
Moose is pretty underwhelming tonight, I miss JV
Just ask him what he’s looking for. It might be awkward but honesty is the best policy. Good luck!
"Lol. I'm gonna try this with my wife. As I always have to tell myself: ""Don't 'should' on yourself."""
Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared
Omg this is great.
Where does religion have anything to do with this? There are plenty of [RELIGION] people that are cool with whatever you're babbling about
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!
What absolute garbage
Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay
> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!
I hope they caught the bastard
Lol love it.
what an idiot
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.
Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.
Yeah I know :'(
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.
Congrats on coming out
Welcome to post-truth politics.
Woo hoo!!! Free at last!
The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.
Actually a good idea. Starbucks, breakfast sandwiches, donuts... all fine excuses unless you work at one of those places.
Wow the garbage one and the bank one are really terrible. I’ve had the coupon ones too, people are touchy about coupons haha.
Thank you! I'm so glad you liked it! I did finally get a new belt lol
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].
I carry 2 small stuffable throw blankets and a sweatshirt. Sweatshirt to ensure warmness. Blankets to ensure cuddles. I’ll let you know if it ever works.
You’re buying a hipster truck then demanding INVOICE PORT PDICE. If they don’t broom you won’t get a survey for sure lol
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.
Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.
I was afraid of that .
I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!
Yeah bad timing, but thanks for answering tho have a good rest of your day, cheers!
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol
Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms
I support the idea of punishing [NAME] without trying to injure [NAME].
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.
Did you guys personally pay someone for the banner? Because that's incredible.
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk. 
Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.
Then go fucking cry you weak minded piece of shit.
Sorry for the bad formatting
Good luck to him.
You’re an asshole.
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination
You're right and I hate it.
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it
And in adult spaces in general. Let adults have things to themselves, damn it
Ha jokes on you guys we still use paper charts
Gonna be a much better game than the last one. So glad you guys are coming to carver
Exactly!! I wish she would cooperate to plan appointments like this.
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any
I’d want to know what happens after
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential
She seems like such a happy kid too!
"Hopefully ""new games"" doesn't mean ""new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."""
I love [NAME] so much
Disgusting. This is blatant nepotism, and that man should be ashamed.
that sounds fun!
Hot take: [NAME] sucked after he went away to anger management and he suddenly changed into a moron who was completely incapable of doing anything even remotely correct.
Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs
What a dumbass question to start with...
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol
Thanks!! Been avoiding this but I literally am in that area for the Elk pelt so I better put my emotions in a case
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere
At least you admit it. That is good.
FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.
I'm not sure I would be happy to live in hk for 5 years lmbo
How embarrassing.
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.
It took me, like, 3 hours to finish the shading on your upper lip. It's pretty much the best drawing I've ever done.
i believe he has a minor ankle injury at the moment, i’m not too worried about his skating 
Best swimmer outta all my siblings 🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️💪🏼
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!
Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?
This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.
This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not. 
Wow. Very thorough explanation. Thanks!
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. 
I've wondered this too!
I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.
I love going out in treacherous weather. For real.
I'm sorry.
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.
Ah the city of brotherly love <3
Great tag :)
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.
This thread is being brigaded by atheist/agnostics. They are just here to cause trouble. Look at OPs post history.
Congratulations on the embroidery, and on quitting tobacco!
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.
Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway. 
Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.
"Thanks for answering instead of ""but hillary""."
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.
If you like that I got one that you may like. makes me laugh everytime here
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!
Happy new year!
I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!
That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.
In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.
OW MY LEG!
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!
At the time they would have. It became endangered and we had to stop.
Overhead fans are absolute shit. They literally do nothing but blow dust around.
So he gave something different? It will be fine
It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.
The best reason to watch it again!! That scene with the ants was fucking fantastic, award winning worthy.
Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11 
Sometimes I wonder if people are that stupid or that malicious
I like your attitude :) yeah, you're awesome!
Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure
If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.
Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha 
Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool
[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best
Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.
They´ve been around since World Pride. I love this city :D
Oh nice. Let's me try this. Thanks for sharing
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it
OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!
Yeah I could not even do that I could not move my leg to the side
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. 
You look GORGEOUS and HEALTHY.
I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch. 
A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!
 [NAME], this isn't a guy who built the railroads here. 
lol, [NAME] i hope not
Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.
So TD tried putting an invisible downvote button for real?? Didn’t stop me from downvoting their idiocy.
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.
Congrats for coming out 😁😁
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.
All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate
I've never heard the insult 'Galaxy-Brain' before, but it's a wonderful! I'm gonna have to use it more often.
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious. 
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay... 
The lucky ones died quick
I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.
Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.
Is it fair to say she’s the most versatile makeup artist of all Ru girls?
it's worth it not having to deal with ebay's laziness fixing stupid problems
This is a good one
Very cool thanks!
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day and [NAME] should close this out as a present :)
The irony here of course is that your degree becomes more valuable when fewer people are able to obtain it.
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.
So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.
I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too
Thank you for the precise context
Now this is poke choking!
I was ok till that last one.
All the best, [NAME] bless.
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)
lol, dude. I don't know, but thank you. they might don't care but you do care. So I'm not much more loser.
Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....
Shit yeah. Awesome fatality!!!
Sometimes when it gets super annoying I cut it off with scissors but it always turns out worse and makes all the surrounding ones irritated and sore
Thanks. It’s extremely hard to keep in mind
the good ol days
This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!
I love [NAME]
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year
Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.
The funny part about it our club has the hide to tell us eels fans that it was the game of the year. 🤣
Lets hope he gets a good birthday game ☺
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit
They 100% know each other, maybe not personally
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. 
That's bad
[NAME], legendary skater
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless. 
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.
Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh
It’s so fucking creepy
Just got back from TWC, and they were great! Thank you. 90% they were fried. Will try these others next 
You chose... wisely
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would 
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!
This hurts me
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.
Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm
thank you so much. i needed this.
Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad
I like it
I did thank you. Can’t wait to get back over for some games.
Hell yeah! Make sure you get your tickets in advance because we are getting very close to selling out!
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game
whats it like being this stupid?
Hope it works for you OP.
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight
When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.
I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong
This comment is way too far down. It should be the top comment.
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.
FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa
You poor, hideous creature. 
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.
and op is NOT self deprecating
Wow. I have to say, I am relieved. Pretty incredible idea.
Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s
It's racist.
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!
loved this one as a kid
Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains
You might enjoy this
We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.
It has no value, it's just a representative of it like all other money.
It's a perfectly cromulent scene.
Grow up.
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!
Another church stolen from us. That’s okay, we will get it back in the great Deus Vulting. 
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase ""1v1 fam, a duel""."
FUCKACTIVISION THEY RUIN EVERYTHING
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.
"""Stay in your lane, bro."""
Feels like im wearing nothing at all!
Well I guess there's one positive of no deal at least
I'm well fond of foreign birds to be fair.
Excuse me who the hell is that?
I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28
Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.
Hey, nice to be here 😏
This is completely false.
Total funding was the exact same. I would have $1000 more in loans instead of that $1000 being a grant.
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT
Aww [NAME] giving [NAME] a pat on the back that’s cute
It's very frustrating. I'm just crossing my fingers that something will help me soon. Thank you. xxoo
This is so wholesome 😭😭😭
CHUCK THE WAGONS MAMA IM GOING WEST
There's DOJ guidelines that he cannot be indicted.
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision 
You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.
Thank you! :)
Oh well, okay, it worked!
Hardcore Henry.
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. 
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁
YES to all of this!
The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone
Thanks, I think you're right.
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]
Yeah lol. 25% of women are sexually assaulted in [RELIGION] countries, maybe. 
That was my favorite PS1 game.
I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever
Technology is amazing. Now we can SEE how new plagues start. Just incredible.
Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies.
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.
Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.
i love that channel
He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.
My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO
That's funny stuff, there
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme
Thank you guys so much! IM FINALLY IN THE KNOW!
Oh, real cool! Thanks for the references.
Nice quote, not sure if it was worth the time to pull up though.
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.
Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol
The weird thing is you’re not even the first haha
You had a tough childhood :(
That hurt too much to watch twice.
Such a great movie that kinda gets overlooked.
Huhhhh wat the hell.. looks good
This sub needs more Poison memes.
Imagine being scared of a black bear
Get some help dude.
lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right
women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit
What happened to [NAME]? I haven’t followed closely but I was under the impression he wanted to return but the club wanted to move on
"[NAME] would love her!!! ""Do you forgive Daddy?"" "
Haha thanks, I'm not cool at all but that comment made my day! Genuinely made me smile. <3
I always wondered what turned the deer albino. Must have been from fright.
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.
You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose
Washington had it so easy, until they signed [NAME] that stupid contract ...HAHAHHAHAHAHA
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol
Happy birthday kiddo, free updoot for u
Sage advice. Just noticed your reply now! Thank you.
Awful taste hmmmmm
I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT
I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.
I’m chuckling at you referring to it as a little ho.
The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.
Oooh, edgy!
Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.
I hope he doesn't
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!
Losing wars has consequences.
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember
THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!
You ladies are awesome. Thank you all so much for your kind words.
Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.
Thanks, [NAME].
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.
That's hilarious, and a much better way to play doctor than some of the kids I've heard of! :)
Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.
Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA
Haha! Do it.
Hah! You’re the best NERD!
Congratulations! We're all rooting for you! 💕📚
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.
He was just trying to sit down I think. Poor guy, doesn’t deserve all this shit from reddit.
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.
Nice picture, hope we keep him!
It really does. Great point
Weird game lol
yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks
Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!
[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?
I appreciate him entirely because of the segment he did for The Daily Show were he absolutely shit on anti war protesters in
[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played
Every time. There’s a montage with this song in the movie Spring Breakers and it’s fantastic.
No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.
I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying
watch us play better without him
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.
Add to that the balance mess.
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.
Min Gung in Glastonbury also has all you can eat sushi. Always a good time!
I like [NAME]..
All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night
gag me (notice the nearly matching wardrobe colors)
This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.
Lol ya mom
but think of how fun it would be!!
Those subs ... wtf
Sending hugs and good vibes ❤️
I'll always be a big fan of seabiscuit, doesn't require any explanation and its a classic
And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.
Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol
I tell them my wife died in a car accident 10 years ago and I couldn’t fall in love again. I’ve never been married.
Noted. Thanks for the suggestion!
Good luck dude!! Try to lower your expectations and everything will be more enjoyable .
Haha good point
Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.
Lol this is so true [NAME] thanks for sharing
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable
Loooool I didn’t know that it’s ridiculous
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏
Go your own way, loser. 
Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.
What the fuck Edit: YOOOO I SWEAR MY DOOKU JUST SAID ONE OF HIS EMOTES IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up
Thanks, I guess.
😭 I wanted her to be on the top 4; now we’ve heard plenty of times [NAME] mentioned so pretty sure ain’t gonna happen
he is a very dangerous man
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)
Same here. Around the same time frame. Ill report back if it changes for me and ask if you can do the same. Thank you
Great article. Thanks for posting
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!
Bro, this is not what this sub is for.
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.
That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic
This brings a smile to my face
Thank you. Your suggestion is a better term. I don't think mine is a poor choice but yours is better.
That's the spirit! Mah diggah... ⛏️💎❤️
See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!
Let’s get some shoes!
Me too and you made me feel better because I thought I couldn't keep up due to being old lol.
Yes I agree
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo
No we’re going to use it for penalties decisions, red cards and goals like it’s designed for.
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊
I just can't get behind genocide. I hope you heal.
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again
I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now
Nope. Love them. What do you find gross?
I appreciate it, thank you. I will discuss consequences with my husband. It will probably be me taking my daughter elsewhere until [NAME] leaves.
"Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like ""Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"""
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.
Haha. Yeah there is a vaccination now. When I was a kid my parents did the same thing. It hadn’t been developed yet.
Why do you think many feminists are angry?
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!
Sure, okay.
>[NAME] I don't know why, but that gave me a good laugh. Thank you. 
They are angry virgin children because he plays the game like it was supposed to be played. SOT has the most pathetic community ever.
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.
>I just hope Lovejoy is back Phrases I'd never expect to hear for $600 [NAME]
I love it. Enjoy your upvote.
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish
I'm glad you could relate and that you also found some peace and resolution in your relationship. I'm glad we didn't give up!
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!
Man, she must really hate infertile women. 
"A ""Texas DUI"" sounds like a weird sex move. "
This is without a doubt the funniest thing I've ever seen
Pudge was great
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.
Yeah he is a giver not a taker
What the hell are you on about now? Those are some weird examples to go with your clarified opinion.
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.
Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90
Oh nice, that sounds convenient!
Oh my lord I am so sorry. That is just despicable. Internet hugs.
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls
“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes... looks like she braced before impact. Probably gets this shit all the time. 
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!
had to google mesosphere. good job.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.
One of the best in the series imo
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch
This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !
Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.
Makeup is magic my friend!
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed. 
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy... 
It's not your fault....
You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?
No worries girl it happens hahaha
i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it ""offensive and pointless""."
What a wonderful world you lot live in!
Yes please. What's that @ ?
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.
Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!
I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.
that's so wholesome 💜
Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.
Glad to see you guys are treating him well
Lol, try harder next time bud. Your swearing really shows who is actually mad here and your stupidity is starting to get really grating.
Thanks for the feedback!
[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it
Kabhi Khushi kabhi gam? Slightly different but raichands were rich and mother was doing pooja.
Aquaria looks great but her eyebrows look like gummy worms lmao
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.
You are unfortunately far and few between.
Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!
No but that's why I stay up way too late.
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.
Wow thank you so much for explaining all that to me! It sounds like you guys have a great system going on - very organized.
You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.
Thank you for mentioning that!
"Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120"" x 8"" x 8"" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!"
I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!
Yeah transgenders are stupid.
would make a great drop for a drum n bass track
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.
If the issue is Abortion yes. My generation was genocided.
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.
That is some serious dedication... He must love his job
A sad amount of time was spent making this.
thanks <3 *hugs*
You honestly think a law did away with straw purchases? Stop lying.
30 you illiterate fuck
I will admit,I did chuckle a bit
Old school runescape, make an Ironman. It changes the game and makes everything so much more meaningful and fun :) hardcore if you enjoy stress
At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.
[NAME] why can I relate so much.
Hope you feel the same way when his rookie deal is up
Wow this is getting huge
Look at all the trash at that festival. Fucking gross.
I'm so happy for you !
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!
I hope [NAME] makes a full recovery.
Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.
Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!
He’s just awesome. It’s refreshing in a celebrity
Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods
love this!
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days
Me neither weeds is bad
To clear his name I guess. If he’s actually innocent this will be vindicating
My condolences.
Lol those stretch marks are from when I was obese...
You're analogies are terrible and prove the opposite of what you were arguing, numb skull 😂
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. 
Thanks for contributing to the advertising
Really looking forward to Mayeather coming out of retirement for the 5000th time
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!
Makes it even better that a multi millionaire successful pro athlete is shitting on him [NAME] damn I love me some sweet twitter roasting
I’m sorry for your loss op
I have listened to him and that's how I know he's a terrible person and his goal is to turn impressionable people into terrible people like himself.
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.
Can’t wait to lose this one!
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again
Sounds like a great idea that your nephew is moving away from her. She’d be an absolutely toxic mother.
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.
Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.
"""Sponge Blurb Pubs Quaw Haha GURR ha AAa!"" finale is too real"
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔
You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying them.
Can't wait to move out of the city so I can get a gun. No gun city living sucks
[NAME] is the prettiest person on This Show
Was there for a game v the lions in in 2016- WELL WORTH IT!
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.
Because it would look worse than 2D art.
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.
Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL
And please don’t make the mistake of thinking your mustache will disguise them. Trust me it doesn’t.
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.
It’s only the 3rd safest car ever tested, can’t take any chances!
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad. 
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now. 
"simply reply ""no."" sometimes youve gotta be rude."
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.
Thank you [NAME] master
"""Kids stay by the ram it's not safe"""
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.
i’m with you bro best of luck🤞🏼
And she would would enjoy wearing
Ok this New England accent not so fun!!
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed
I've had all this... except for the last part.
How cute. He thinks corporations are people.
Can relate. The spirit kept telling me to move to the Morridor. Total decade+ long disaster in almost every way. Shoulda stayed where I was.
Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles
I want the same drug OP is into thanks!
This isn't a meme its a cry for help
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!
Nice hiss!
I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct
Whoa I'm impressed he returned the pillow to its original spot. Awesome parenting.
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.
My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.
If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.
Gotta love [NAME].
> I was more making fun of your spelling of Northbridg whoops
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell
I come to this sub to see cool things lol. For me it's a better version of /r/pics
Yes my mother is ok with it.
TSA agents are like tow truck drivers. Everyone hates them.
I was able to catch the first half and his D looked great (thats what she said?), did it decline in the second?
He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.
Gets right back on his phone call. I like it. Must’ve been one important booty call.
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!
What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.
I take care of my kids!
From the South and can confirm that [NAME] is an idiot and should be saying brink.
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.
Thank you kind stranger. You might have just made my eyes mist a little.
Yeah I was just trying to save some money and I've been alright with G2A before
This is true, but he's perceived as white by most liberals. 
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].
Good tips!
Resting up after a furious weekend of #MAGAboys hate. A xer has needs for xedz beauty rest
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”
As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.
this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes
Haha! I love it. That’s exactly how it would go.
I wish I could believe in myself
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter. 
Let's hope he doesn't change his mind.
According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.
100% agreed. If wanting people to understand the meaning of my comment makes me a coward, then I don't wanna be fucking brave.
Whoops! My mistake
Ha ha you're being down voted. Edit: Hey, you're being up voted! Congrats!
Oops, just kidding [NAME], got you.
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.
Aww, look at you still wearing your hospital bracelets even. 
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)
No I actually really like that I don’t have to pump my own gas.
The idea of that sucks!
Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear
This is the correct answer. I've seen more stupid memes about this show before I'd even seen it.
Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned. 
You're a good man, [NAME]
[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable
She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang
time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart
The only thing better than winning for a Vikings fan is reveling in the losses of our enemies.
This would be boring as hell
thank [NAME] it was returned
Oh fuck off already.
He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.
Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.
It looks like Marvin the Martian's ship. I'm still geeked as hell though. Also glad they provided a space suit for scale.
THAT DOES IT!
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]
"I find it hard to say ""no"" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. "
Sorry man, you’re a great person and all. But margarine??? Downvoted*
This is a thing of beauty
U have the Balls to do this
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.
You’re a good man. Stay blessed
Hell yeah my dude. And the best part is, if I had the money, I could get either or both of those right now :)
I just got got and I like it
I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.
Unfortunately later died from eating tainted meat. [NAME] BBC documentary 'dynasties' followed the marsh pride, the lion episode was awesome
These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.
The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people
love that, we need more women like you 
if the game would stop crashing on my ps4 that would be great :c
Yes, you said you are dying, I cannot do anything about that, hope you find peace
^^ a better idea
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware
Always look before you jump.
Funny how picture comes with no article link... typical BS post..
Stop spraying chemicals daily in the sky.
Thanks so much for this pic! It’s even funnier the third time in ten minutes it’s posted here.
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.
Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!
what the fuck
> when Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Yes, and you must be a loonbag. 
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.
Thanks! Clearly I am new to reddit. Thx!
Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality
There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it. 
Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭
Our majestic space ship!
This is alright, but [NAME] deserves a higher rating
Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.
Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.
Thank you for the kind words :)
He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!
When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)
Excellent idea, thank you!
I understand completely. People have no memory or understanding of the true horror of these diseases. I am truly glad you have decided to vaccinate. Blessings [NAME]
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck
Oh, haha Gladstone is a town in North Qld Australia as well... thanks Reddit
Happy Birthday!
agree with the messaging but such a cringe video
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️
I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.
Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.
there's no ventilation shafts in the dumb things, block the exits and make a bonfire.
Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. 
Thank you for this
This seems like a colossally unimportant thing to sign a petition over.
Thank you for sharing your beautiful and continuing story. It's comforting to see growth and deep love in relationships. I wish you both the best!
I love this sub reddit 😍😂
You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?
Stupid sexy squidward
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...
It's also why someone I know is working on becoming an orthopedic surgeon. It's very grim and morbidly lucrative in the US.
Arguably this post is [NAME] favorite post on Reddit one hundred percent. Lmao #muglife
Wow! That sounds like an interesting dream! Thank you for your perspective.
Not a doctor but I don’t think so. Carbon monoxide displaces oxygen, but it doesn’t destroy lung tissue that i know of. 
Thanks for this. I was about to relapse but am still going strong.
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.
Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it
Think the word you’re looking for is ‘Maori’
That's gonna be a no from me dawg
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂
They didn’t take it; you abandoned it. A TSA agent clarified that for me once. I hope you can replace it easily.
"i dont think theyre planning beyond ""screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit"" themed rants"
Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.
Then you should probably get out more.
Oh cool it’s another episode where lefties forget about consent
In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. 
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING
I'm happy to hear all that.
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.
Clearly there is only one way to solve this dilemma; COMMUNISM!
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.
I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.
Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol
Yeah I switched to maining NM in 6 as well and it was the exact wrong game to do that lol
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!
Heart breaking* sorry haha
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.
This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.
Lol I’m just fucking around I can wait
Recently swapped my sanwa out back for a hori with a heavy spring . it feels really good
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)
The fried baloney is amazing.
Wife of a lawyer. This is correct
Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret
Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.
It's so freaky. I'm a 40 something and the stock photos and really odd taglines are just baffling to me.
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!
At least we’re in this together? 😓
[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps
oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that
I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*
Lol, some guntards stepped out of the echo chamber and sounded completely unhinged.
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.
That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. 
It's alright. This is just an unpleasant memory now. Kind of rude of your brother though!
Bless your dog!
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.
But you'll downvote and complain but not provide any reasoning for your complaints? You sound like a child. Grow up.
"The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. ""Good Evening, [NAME]."""
Fuuuuck. I feel this. In my core.
"Love him! ""Thank You God"" is one of my favorites of his."
fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.
Fantastic read, thanks for the insights! 
I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.
Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*
It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh
I never pre-order anything and I am never disappointed with that decision
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.
THANK YOU [NAME]
Very true. Having a 3rd pair of [NAME] and [NAME] has been solid
its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.
Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it
Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.
I feel you, names are the worst. 
Idk why everyone's being obnoxious. I thought this was a good post, OP.
That looks so awesome
While you were listening to [NAME] he was idolizing [NAME].
Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.
I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.
Yay! Smug buddies!
"I misunderstood ""come back strong"" "
i love his face for that split second after he is hit
Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.
Oh whoops haha
I kill him before he kills me during the date
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.
Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up
I’ve missed my sweet prince
My favorite!
Why should I care what he thinks?
He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.
She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward
"If you have to ask ""how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics"" then you are clearly not ready."
Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!
I’m laughing so I don’t cry
Wait, did this really happen? I'd like to see that video so I can cringe some more plz.
Banned or moved to different platforms mostly. Never were that many and those that did post here had trouble following the rules and were downvoted heavily.
Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire
[NAME] is a pretry big role to fill. I hope you do well!
I appreciate your honesty.
X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks. 
For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha. 
Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore
This is great!
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them
Is that how you deal with people you disagree with? Nice personal fantasy you have there.
The whole thing is poetry. That finish is magic. Nose to the mit. Love this !
I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.
Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?
I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm
100% yes. My sister's ex is an actual monster but my niece still sees his family.
Lol, that slomo
Keep up the good work
Well thanks. Digital currency is one thing I personally havent gotten into yet.
Love this, and the comments are great, thanks for sharing.
Opposite for us! My fiance cuddles me because it helps him fall asleep, then I can play video games in bed!
Who specifically are we gonna sue? The industry! Lol
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.
That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good
I miss it but it was op
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because ""I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"""
Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster
This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.
Definitely not the norm in KY or other bible belt states, sadly. My extended family looks upon my CF lifestyle with nothing but bingo's.
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!
He is just awful enough to do something like that.
[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested
Time for a courageous conversation!
This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.
[NAME] at least has a pretty face and great skin. [NAME] looks like a cabbage patch kid.
The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws
Thanks for the info. Not sure if it’s even worth it then.
Fuck. That.
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16
I’m a millennial and my mortgage payment only takes about 1/5 of my after tax earnings in a month. Feels so good.
I woke up drunk and mouthy
Lmaoo the comment posted 14 hours ago gets doenvoted, but the same exact comment posted one hour ago gets upvoted. What??
I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.
Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.
That lady is experiencing pure joy
Your parents must have adopted.
I wish, have to wait 3 weeks
wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.
I still love Asian women. They will always be number 1 for me (exlcuding [NAME] of course)
Like whoever you want to like but don’t treat people poorly based on superficial factors is ultimately the best advice
Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!
Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support 
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.
ha, hardly. maybe the biggest city. Russia is fucking huge.
I could see that nobody wants to be called ignorant. I also learned about the fallacy from [NAME].
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.
I love it when drama comes home to roost
Fair enough. Thanks for the input.
I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.
[NAME], stop being [NAME].
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.
Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable
Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.
Lmao that’s actually pretty good.
Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha
I wish they let him do the quatrains once a week during the NFL season.
I’m afraid I just blue myself
happy cake day.
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.
Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.
that missed dunk is so symbolic of [NAME] lol
#Go Knights Go!!
I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother
Haha...what kind of fan base would do that?
Shaming. Lol
Jokes on you. I have anxiety so I do this a lot
No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).
She has an amazing voice
ITS A GOOD BOI!!
Eh. I say it's accurate.
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude
Great talent, this. No ysts reaction, but I still appreciate it.
He was a good dude.
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!
What a sweetheart.
That's a better love story than Twilight!
Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.
Nasty, pigeons are nasty.
Fair, although you'll get caught pretty easily like that
Banks! I knew it!
I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.
Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?
Cant agree more on the first part but for the last, it comes out too harsh.
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.
Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move
u fucked up
[NAME] bless [NAME]!
That's a pretty bad example ngl lol
I hate it when mom and dad fight.
Wow, you probably live in a messed up place.
That's why I don't open Instagram that much
That rain bit was hilarious.
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.
Anyone who complains about being a loser is a loser.
What a greedy person. 8 years jail and hopefully disgraced out of his profession.
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!
Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.
oh [NAME] this is horrible
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.
I feel like this happens to me every single time I shop there. I dont go in anymore because I'm tired of being followed.
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.
O.o love it 👌
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo 
I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish
Thanks all. It was a league game in our local bar. The dealer rotates on each hand. Lesson learned from me.
Had a buddy fly from BC to Ontario yesterday with an illegal ounce in a ziploc. No problems.
Good point, I never thought about that. I guess I don't see enough commercials regularly to separate them from just other company agenda videos. Thanks!
nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.
Nah u mad lol
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol
Are you forreals?! I had no clue at all. Maybe i need totake a better look at the menu damn thanks dude
I’m proud of you and I’m happy for you!
You gotta block the name out, sweets.
This person should be outed to the world. What a reckless pos
True. But that is one out of many.
You sound upset.
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.
Ayyy! Thanks for finishing it up. Glad someone did. LOL @ your username 😂😂
Great company. I added it. Let me know if you have any
Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.
Fair enough haha
Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha
Ok thank you
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!
I hate having to take my shoes off!
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.
[NAME] ruined religion. It’s the only good thing they’ve done.
Hell yes!
I wish I could come up with a bad cat joke in response to that.
Exactly. I thought charcoal would be same like graphite pencil. I need to learn more of this stuff. Thanks for criticizing x)
"I just want to note that ""Live Photo"" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video."
I friggin love [NAME]. Are we sure she aint [NAME] in disguise?
I was about to lose my shit but then I finally found the Plumbus
I know the feeling, but you’re not disgusting. Happy new year!
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!
I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.
[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness
Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.
Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.
So excited!! Probably gonna be my new main ⚔️🛡
I was there too! I remember it was a warm day during an otherwise cold time of year.
Oh! That explains why your teeth look like they’re covered by something haha
That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually
He wasn’t just a good boye He was the bestest
JACKPOT!!!
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.
"I love when that happens. I call it ""butt cuddles"" and we do it all the time lol!"
its pretty wholesome tho
Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too
I can't even imagine the stupid tattoo I'd have if I got one at 15. Probably like a Red Bull logo or something
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.
So we're the 2nd richest team.
Typo...RBG lol
It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.
Yawning at the insults to me, not the Woman
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie by the way
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach
I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.
"I love you guys but.....""existence"""
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier
Yeah, my schedule has been brutal for the past 2-3 years. This year it has become my objective to get more involved to get-in with more parents.
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.
I'm sure the guy i lease my space from will love it when I ask to transfer some BAT to cover next month's rent.
HA! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! That’s amazing. Thanks for starting my morning off with a good laugh. What a couple of idiots.
Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.
The [NAME] of horror!
It isn’t that bad :/
See this guy gets it!
There was nothing innovating lol. It was good but chill
I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).
Great job! Hats off to you.
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..
I'm not attacking you. Which part of our conversation gives the impression that I'm attacking you? Honest question.
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.
"Weird how ive been ""attempted"" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D"
Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.
Wow that’s actually a great idea lmao
[NAME] looked great!
He wasn’t drafted and is properly rated imo. Had a crazy career for sure. Beat the odds many times
Rule number 1: never dye your hair while drunk haha
It's unrelated to the post yet I'm laughing out loud
The Citadel has given us much to be thankful for.
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!
This is really great!!
I love rational comments.
Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(
Oh nice!
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.
Nicely framed.
That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it
that was clearly only one pump, bad call
He already has 2 fouls
will do, thanks
Love this!!!
I believe if he did (and she didn’t) then he SHOULD be in even more trouble. They can easily fact check that.
Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.
This is the game that finally lost my faith.
Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]? 
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.
Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!
My faith in humanity is restored. Your good deed has been noted on the Big Board of Doing Nice Things.
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.
The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.
I like these cultures and would be happy to tell you what sort of work qualifications/licensure/certification have you acquired, if any?
The famous tank man. We know close to nothing about him. So I rather preferred to think he is living his life peacefully.
"They had been chanting ""we want tacos!"" Lol"
Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve
I feel your pain...
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)
unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent
Definitely.... I wake up at like 3am work at 6am... I hate morning people though LMAO
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible
> The parents don’t parent anymore. I am sure this fact is well referenced in [NAME] new curriculum.
I'd be able to give you more helpful advice if you could be a little more clear with your situation and what you're asking.
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.
Such a hilarious way to put it, and omg yup.
I wish I loved anything the way [NAME] loves playing hockey
No they don't.
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this
Thanks for sharing your story. I hope you are doing okay now.
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?
Very very sweet!! Tell us how it goes!
so nice i had to put her twice
Thank you!
Yeah lets hope so, i hear the IRA is very forgiving of rich folk.
Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.
I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul
Sorry buddy I think that one is permanently dead. :(
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery
Love the whole lebatard community but she has the most confidence speaking and it shows up on all the shows she does
As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.
Spending my first day ever in Europe. In Oslo, with an amazing girl I met visiting Texas from Norway about a year ago. 
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]
And I laughed
Great thanks! Just wanted to be prepared in case of OT or something
Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring. 
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.
hey uhhhh I love you
Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?
Looks gorgeous on u 😍😍
While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.
ok thanks. i guess that's why there are none of them on reddit to respond to my inquiries lol
Cheers!!
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it
This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. 
The fact that big corporations that made their successes off capitalism are embracing Marxism is really disturbing.
Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed
I don't care anymore.
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs
It more effective if you do it in person
This is painful
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.
Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊
Lol, nice try. 
No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote
Thank you that’s sweet of you (:
Its a weird thing they do south of the border... they throw flour at each other. No idea why that's a thing.
 Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. 
That whole video was very interesting, thank you for that!
Hey! Anyone have the DL on this MLM ? Would love some links to send a victim!!
this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends
It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.
Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings. 
WHAT THE FUCK
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D
lol, it is. At least the leftist communities flat out tell you that you'll be banned for it.
I like were ur head is.
If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.
Sounds fancy, is there any in flight entertainment?
"My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say ""not even with a gun to my head"" if I get one."
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story
Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it. 
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.
😭I appreciate the feedback <3
That's what I say, but the commercial is clearly pandering.
Awe! That sucks!
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already
When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”
We, the fans, are the losers here.
Thanks bro!
I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.
Yep. First Monday of 2019.
This is gatekeeping at it's worst People can be heartless Idiots it's amazing
I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol
The real bad beat.
[NAME] these are hideous
"*Bride walks by* B: ""You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"""
women dont seem to think so.
Thank you for the advice!
This is amazing.
They gave me free Subnautica which is an incredibly wonderful game so I'm pretty darn happy. And it's not exclusive.
Someone on r/nba said [NAME] was borderline elite defensively...lol
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.
Non-stop fun.
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.
[NAME], I had. It *was* a repressed memory, thanks.
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.
"From ""woohoo!!"" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds."
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here
Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time
28 weeks!!?! modern medicine is AMAZING!
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]
Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure 
That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more
Thank you very much. I try my best to follow my steps from therapy, but it seems to be my biggest hurdle.
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you
Dice LA also has Dice Sweden employees on the team but we are wasting our time pointing it out.
Interesting, I haven't actually heard of an app that does that. Makes no sense to me, even with serious memory issues.
Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.
I love bloodborne, I started my second play through but quit after I got busy with school stuff.. need to go back to it though.. love that game 
thats.... not the type of disco that i remember
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*
roll a blunt, walk over and strike a conversation.... or mind your fcking business
This seemed so out of character but I was like cool. Weird.
Huge loss. Good job boys! Now go out there, give your best and prove that [NAME] didn't die for nothing!
My wife's birthday today, we are going for dinner with my lovely girlfriend later, after meeting at ours for coffee and cake. Very happy
Damn, I'd better avoid you then. I don't wanna die.
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.
I love CoD4
Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!
Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.
How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot
You seem horrible
you are pathetic.
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.
They know a lot of people aren't paying attention to the quieter news that doesn't get sensationalized
"I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]""*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun"
There are Germany radfem groups on FB? I'd love to know some names. Danke! (Can anybody PM me?)
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!
I feel shot in the heart.
Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.
I am extremely excited to read this.
What a great shitpost. How did he even come up with this
"""Being able to attract women"" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous."
Sounds like your location overall sucks. Have you ever thought about getting a work visa elsewhere with a more accepting attitude?
I went to high school with [NAME], never would have thought he’d be an isles fan lol
Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.
I know from personal experience that that can be the end of any good relationship.
That seems real terrible, does that actually work? Negs should usually be playful at worst. 
If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying
Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.
It's better with sound, when I first watched it I cried laughing for 10 mins
yeah it was awesome!
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning. 
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me
Will you PM me too? I've been looking for a birthday present and I'd like to take a look at what you've got!
Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes
I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.
I hate this comment. More-so, I hate how likely this comment is to reach fruition. 
that was a horrible fix
I feel you girl
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.
dont let the spirit of rock die motherfucker aroooooo
That beat slaps. Good memories
Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.
I want a DL thats about 800€ for a month is the one who's new here lol.
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters
I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.
"Look, its a great study, but youve said ""Women arent as disadvantaged"" on the internet. Rip your karma."
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP
He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. 
So what’s the upside. Toner makes the elastic in your skin tougher? Serum for vitamin C does what? Thanks for sharing.
I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.
A video that makes me happy
[NAME] bless you
They announce they hate Brexit first
Feeling good in the gayborhood.
"lol me too. _""Go on in you scraggly old bastard!""_"
My bad.
I have endured worse.
Fuck you, that's how
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger
It's pretty stupid. Yes
now blake's threes decide to drop lol it be like that sometimes
Ugh Morons stop breeding
#Garbage site for assholes
This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!
Happy cakeday 🎂
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity
This made me sad
That live snail got me freaked
If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.
Then they'll have to get a ticket with a code of it from the counter person.
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.
Ha ha good one
Cool, thanks man
Yeah cheers. Hoping it's gonna be better. Happy early new year to you too.
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead
He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!
Nope nope nope
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.
Because sloppy seconds is a childish concept and I dont see bargain basement girls.
Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said ""A real life marvel"" I loved that little detail honestly"
So it’s somehow weird or different to make a child/student pick up their (there) own mess as part of the lesson?
that is a rather attractive cartoon man
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game
This one is my favorite.
Lol you sweet summer child. I wish I weren't so cynical and had hope like this.
I love her omg
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. 
So he's a twitch streamer who plays fortnite, thats cool. But How does he end up being the DJ at a concert? Lmao
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got
Ugh. It makes sense why you spend so much time with him. Still please please don't marry him.
Done, good luck with your thing.
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.
We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.
I hope [NAME] at least has a good nanny because [NAME] seems keen to scream on Instagram rather than...do anything else on the planet.
"Hey its you again. Dude can you please say ""N"" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly."
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.
We have that, actually.
I make my cows super stronk.
He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone
That is beyond disgusting.
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.
I'm missing something
Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.
Thanks for the responses y'all. I'm going to do the gig anyway and hope that nothing too sinister happens! I'll update if anything interesting happens.
He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years
Clean your room before daddy [NAME] gets home.
Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA
I like the dog better than you too.
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.
Yet again; totally missing my point.
I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁
Handsome with dark touch!
I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it 
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.
You're making yourself look more stupid with every reply. Google what the heck model organisms are.
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.
I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!
You laugh at them. Openly. For being childish and naive. If they don’t react to facts maybe they’ll react to wounded pride.
your joke sucks
Sorry to link it here but would love to get some opinions on this post
I was scrolling through and thought “who is [NAME]...” for a minute before I remembered. It was the best 10-20 seconds of my life lol.
She likes her dogs despite this incident. But thanks for your input Mr. [NAME].
I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man. 
there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking
Wait what’s wrong with [NAME] lol I’ve never had any problems listening to him personally
Thank you! Forgot to add her youtube. And her second, smaller, channels (super entertaining rants): 
Everything on the internet is real and serious... Im here to be downvoted and laugh.
I don't like the zombey cookies.
Lol. That's funny though!
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!
*With Great power; comes great responsibility.*
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. 
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.
does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird
This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.
Yes. I got accused of being a man or a bootlicker because I was a mod in a men's lib sub two years ago.
Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?
This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is
But her sister is so much better
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns. 
No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.
Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.
You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. 
Great post! : )
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.
I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!
[NAME] is so cute! And [NAME] is a very dashing name.
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
i love the crocheted romper look and i don't care if i'm wrong
Oh bless your heart. I found this so funny. Goodness.
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes
Why are our trolls so boring :(
Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”
These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.
My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up
Useful distinction - thank you.
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing
In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.
My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.
Its just a prank bro.
Thank you love. I really appreciate your input
I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;
Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.
Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.
That would be awesome
I love Invader Zim.
My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.
Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD? 
Me cheering for the Wild this year
Black self determination and Black separatism isn't the same thing... thank you for proving my point.
Love your username
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me
WOOO!!! You go boy!!! Good job!! That’s a huge milestone checked off and SURVIVED! Yay!!!
Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.
This physically hurt me
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.
Yes you pretty much summed it up. Wanted her out of that career that was destroying her.
Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.
Thanks for the post [NAME] hang in there bb.
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.
Mug that fool
Aw look at her little coat
Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier
If he worked out he would look good I think. But not in a way I would be attracted to him lol, just in general.
Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.
So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
I'm liking the bums
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.
I'm watching the Kings broadcast, and let me say [NAME] doing play by play is entertaining.
Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?
Haha get it, they're taking it literally haha.
As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time
Stop spreading false hope!
Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k
I was dying when he said we got to make love or be a crime
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one. 
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good
It's like they have no self-awareness, and they just engage in ridiculous hyperbole and expect to be taken seriously.
Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha
This is all I can think about when I see these things. Most of them cannot be properly washed.
obviously, its just a stupid question
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. 
Didn't you know, it's all about winning, nothing else matters
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.
I want an autographed copy of this, framed and on my wall. 
Thanks man....
So excited to see the man again.
Love scary podcasts at work. Thank you!
You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”
Who cares. [NAME] is draining the swamp. Get over it
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately
I am sports entertained.
wow fkn nice :)
Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.
Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao
Happy cake day bruh
My bad , thought it was the English one 
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
I enjoyed when they learned what New York City billionaires really think about guns.
how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.
That’s the one!
Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼
"I love any story that includes the phrase: ""Some gypsies showed up"". "
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or
Haha Nice. I finished paying [NAME] back about a year ago. Great feeling! Congrats.
But you've been openly critical of men's rights and have defended feminism.
Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!
You came to the wrong neighborhood bud lololol.
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.
Oh gosh it's on the website too.... Here we go
That's the spirit!
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round
The best one ever, a four year old girl: “You smell old.”😦 You’re not wrong, kiddo...
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!
And I thought best girl couldn’t get better. Please tell me there is one of other best girl [NAME] with glasses
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years
Good for you man. Enjoy.
cutest vid I've seen in a while
That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it
Love those freckles! You’ve got that girl next door kind of beauty
Stop saying generic hating sentences!
Nicely done sir
If I'm not mistaken we will have [NAME] as backup next year so not bad at all.
A hope inspiring article; thanks for posting! Probably best not to read the comments under it though. Neurotypicals are the worst sometimes
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.
Interesting to see the bulk of people in that thread are pretty anti-[RELIGION].
Its amazing how hive mind works...
Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok
Sorry to hear that
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making
Thanks I am among them.
You'd better not cry!
Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.
No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.
My wife really likes Deja but hasn’t listened to TDAGARIM. I’m so excited for when she hears it for the first time.
Replace that friend with a whole pile of desillusioned friends and you might as well @me
The kid seems more mature than his mother
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.
He looks like [NAME]
 cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. 
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕
Yeah, I guess you’re right
Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)
We can’t stand for this any longer!
Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me
I'm crying.
Thank you /u/GarbagePailGrrrl!
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
> The bedrock principle of representative government is that “the people” do not decide issues, they decide who shall decide. Very much this.
Best of luck to you my friend, keep going 
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!
well we tried hard. good effort boys!
This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.
[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.
I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.
Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol
i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!
I like the way your brain works OP. Always did enjoy bugs bunny humour.
this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit
> we get a minimum of $11 Wow that's pretty generous, no wonder people don't need to tip.
The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate! 
Cute, super cute 
Our love is like, a violent game between children baby.
Why is this downvoted? It’s right.
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.
So lifelike!
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.
And then the rest of that thread devolves into [NAME] supporters arguing against and downvoting anyone who disagrees with the wall or hates [NAME].
Very handsome!!
Mmmmmm 😐 🤔 yeah
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.
"""Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"""
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.
Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?
some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...
So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/
With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop
Cuties! Love you!
>only ones who really suffer are sport and competition shooters. Which is likely the whole point What makes you think that?
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.
I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like ""why it's fun"" but like I just want to find love "
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.
[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.
😂 Dude, ok your cool now
Changed it thanks
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...
What a complete and utter cunt.
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman
I will watch tonight, thank you!
Sport shooting can be done with air guns. Problem solved.
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish
Thanks! It is too bad we can't suddenly age [NAME] and [NAME] a year or so.
Damn, savage but true.
Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.
If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.
Hope you had a great time!
Best post ever
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.
yes everyone does this!
Your wife is smart.
Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no. 
Nope. You're a weirdo.
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
So so happy, more than you believe 
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.
Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.
yea I agree, and [NAME] is way younger so has trade value. [NAME] is still an offensive powerhouse but his DWAR is slumping.
The sex must be great.
Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad
Currently waiting for the inevitable gopher collapse into the tight finish I know and love.
"My dog knows when I say ""BRB"" on the mic he gets up and runs to the door."
Glad they made it..
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free. 
I like picking beans with grandma.
As one of the greatest Presidents of our time, who stared down globalist trash and made them blink.
Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.
Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip
I sent this to my two friends and one said “haha.” And the other left me on seen : )
Intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerant my dude
Feudalism is statism, dumbass.
It hurts to look at it
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.
Worst winter ever :(
Do as I say, Not as I do
Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.
Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!
I am so sorry that happened to you.
Ahhhh the good old anecdote
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu 
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.
This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.
The best album.
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.
There where over 40000 stabbings in the UK last year, and this guy reckons these “kids” are just acting tough 😬
I like you
I think I love you mate😂
Took devils -1.5. Gotta love sports betting in Jersey.
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!
Surely you've seen weirdo then? It makes me laugh Everytime haha
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me
I only read the first sentence then came to comments to confirm that something about the author would be the most upvoted comment.
We‘re looking good so far
You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit
I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours. 
>Downvote me, you cowards.
I really appreciate this perspective, man.
Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.
I'm glad to have made a bad time a little bit better. Stay safe!
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome
cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now
Feels good bruh
I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.
">The Charisma Myth"" It's bullshit too."
That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.
Great work hentaipoon!
Omg! I'm just about to post a recipe with turmeric because I ALSO FEEL THAT WAY.
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.
Thanks, we were just waiting for you to come in with the final say.
Your name is amazing
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity. 
Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed. 
I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?
[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.
Paula Weed is the best troll ever.
I must break you!
This is the best news I've heard in weeks. Source: Albertan where scum like wolves of odin are multiplying like fruit fly's.
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny
> Thank you for participating in the SeattleWA ProcessTM The only process that is messier than the Seattle City Council.
Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.
Please explain how this is stupid
Not liking [NAME] is not statism. Removed.
I think if we survived during The Blitz I think we'll be alright now.
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen
Jokes aside, welding is so fucking fun, and they get paid damnnnn well.
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one
ITT: “lol buzzfeed” even though Buzzfeed News is a completely different entity
OMG you guys rock lol
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants
Yep. No better birth control. It's almost comical. If only it were happening to someone else...
Damn Skyrim VR looks amazing.
I love Dlo lol
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.
Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*
Good stuff man. Love the passion.
Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.
"The millionaire backers of a no deal brexit will lose an awful lot of money if they do. The patsy""s are doing a real good job"
no thanks
You do right, if you don't care then fuck 'em!
Bedside report is terrible.
Ugh. That was not information anyone needed...
That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!
State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling ‘lose’ wrong
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.
Doesn’t have those thick eyebrows though lol
This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.
This reminds me of the wallpaper someone posted here a while back, great pic OP!
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.
So you think I can not find it anywhere? I love that sweatshirt yes you help me! thank you!
I’ve only been there once but really enjoyed it!! But I think it’s missing a pool table ;)
This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.
This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]
Shameless IG plug:
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc
Lmao stopping a tracking working dog haha.
That's beyond fucking creepy!
I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.
I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.
Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this. 
Worst CB we’ve had in recent memory
Dear [NAME], It’s time for the next flood. Thanks.
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.
"""So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."""
This is good
I learn things reading about them, but visual triggers also help.
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it
You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can
They are both just so perfect for each other
I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree. 
Thank you so much. I'm really glad you found yourself. I hope to get there.
Sounds like an edgy 14 yo that just had his first kiss
No. Just no.
He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is. 
Must be a nice feeling...unless UDG is counted.
You guys rock!
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while
oh thats nasty!
To give him a chance to play somewhere else. Sounds like a decent move by [NAME].
I’m interested!
Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.
This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.
I've got no place else to go...
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!
Thank you for educating me. Lol
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.
I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.
Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.
The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.
My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.
im sure he started that line with his own hard earned money
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.
This is a hige step! Congratulations, and looking forward to hearing about your recovery. You have a whole new free life to look forward to :)
You can do it, I believe in you! 
Yeah, you should probably get some help first and take a break before going back.
Thank you, how epic is your curl? 
Yeah...I mean I love him! But he is to smart for his own good lol.
He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow. 
Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.
They all clapped.
From one finale to the next finale should be one whole year so she’s gonna be pregnant for a whole year lmao
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.
These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.
Geez those heroes..
Holy shit. Thank you everyone. Thanks for the gold and silver :)
You ok bro?
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.
Oh, thx for clarification!
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊
You can turn right on red!
I'm not covering for anybody, trump included.
Thanks bot! The water looks so weird now
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty. 
But then they can't draw the m word
the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.
Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me
No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.
Thanks man I hope I can get it before the end of the week
Binged through this last night. Interesting and entertaining. I'd love to see more.
Thanks. At first I read it as party
Stay strong. You are better off without them.
"Oh boy.. ""The Beginner's Guide"" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days.."
This hurts my brain
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁
I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.
"Nothing makes me exit a video faster ""looking at this made my nipples hard"" 🙄"
Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.
Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...
That's a hot pic Shame she'll kill us all
I like the fact that you like it a lot.
What a thot*
Thanks mate!
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.
Even weirder way to spell [NAME].
I'd expect this from an actually attractive person but this is just lol
Thanks, [NAME]
I’m so glad they remastered that game, I’m having a blast playing it again
damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word
Oh, I like this! Where’d you get it?
Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia
Well duh, he’s a scientist. So he’s probably smarter than the average anti vaxxer
Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites I’ve looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol. 
Great deal for us, happy he's back. Up next, [NAME]! 
I didn't even know this existed! Thank you kindly!!
While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.
Congrats and best wishes. Build on progress.
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me
MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours
Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...
"also rough translation of the chinese: ""very beautiful octopus."" (probably wrong) "
Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.
As you wish the hard path is a good one :)
I think I get this reference, GradeAUnderA?
US labor laws are fucked up
I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us
THANK YOU SOMEONE SAID IT!!
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.
We love you here.
She's so remarkably stupid.
I was having a good day and it still really made me feel good. Had a bad day yesterday and it's still affirming to hear so thanks!
That book is awesome
Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. 
I'm so sad.
I have noticed that one is good for thinking straight and light bulb moments.
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope
I fucking love this
Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?
Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!
It's never going to end unless you end it .
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!
OMG - you're my freakin' hero. And your last post had me absolutely weeping with laughter.
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(
You just know he liked his own comment
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.
This is why I could never work in construction
Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.
Yes thank you
For some reason I find these charming 🤷🏼‍♀️
Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰
Well that’s dumb. The question is about this sub.
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.
You did it!
I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha
Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.
Well at least he wont be hungry ever again
We cant even get sexually assaulted without them claiming we're gross fetishists
Lakers truly have the worst fans
He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow
If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.
I interview applicants and respect people that ask about work life balance and harassment policy... are applicants afraid of asking these questions?
"Even ""not allying with Dems any longer"" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea..."
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.
Thanks! Would trollgc work too?
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬
Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.
[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.
This is absolutely perfect
Stay safe. Love from KY!
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks
Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original
"Some ""Mean Girls"" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿"
Throwing the book to see what sticks you think?
It seems you've never played HotS.
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.
Yeah but good luck proving it in court
[NAME] I hope so.
Theres a pretty big Irish population in Edinburgh/ Glasgow as well that'll likely end up contributing to the support.
His definition of a grown man is someone who drinks irresponsibly and then beats people up. GET OUT.
Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. 
[NAME] got heart
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.
I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement. 
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again. 
I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!
Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!
Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.
Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. 
“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.
I just hope you are all right dude
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!
same i feel u
Excellent projection. 9.5/10.
I'm enjoying the witty comments but anyone want to throw in some analysis?
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there
this comment made me very nervous
It's disturbing that this tweet got so many likes. Like, this is why twitter has a cancerous reputation.
Because I've heard Him speak to me and comfort me.
Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.
Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit
The angle makes it look like he's 15 feet tall, but otherwise, very good.
What a loon
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for 
I'm so glad I grew up playing a shooter made for kids rather than a shooter made for kids.
Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex
You're free to believe all of that, but we're going to have to wait and see how it actually all plays out.
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid
This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].
I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).
Bruh you don’t belong here
Now I have to re-watch the entire series, thanks. 
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.
He probably just doesn't want to hurt the ex's feelings. But if you're concerned, ask him yourself if things are only okay
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns
I had one of these... she would even steal my jokes and observations and recycle them to other people in front of me! lol
Of course! You deserve the recognition and exposure. Your work is extremely comforting !
That's not what diffusion is at all smh
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle
internally down-voting for the sarcasm!
Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it. 
Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.
I want him to change and realize he messed up and he needs to do better
Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME] 
I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late
Good luck.
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing
Great game, great soundtrack. He was like 19 or 20 when he did that too.
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen
"""I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize"". -Socially anxious bastard"
We still luv u
I did rank them above protista.
>just because I miss [NAME] and [NAME], who played them. You forgot to add the rest of that sentence 
I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.
Sorry, what?
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids
I wish I can go 90 days challenge
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.
That blows. Glad you're doing better.
That’s my luck. Lol
Hahaha 😂😂😂😂😂 this is so funny and relatable!
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to
Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. 
This is the saddest thing I've seen today
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show
Thank you :) it was hard to get back in the groove but now that I am, I don’t wanna stop!
I hear you, but I'm at this point I'm willing to take risk
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays
The carpool part!! The beauty of kids haha
I know but for that one moment he was more than that guy who snuck in [NAME] room at night and wore his helmet
Abusive family nice. Been there.
Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.
Congratulations, that joke has only been made 89,401,327 times on reddit before. 
Wow, congratulations!! Hugs 
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.
"[NAME] is a 6'5"" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend."
I wish I could get 9 usd per hour in my job. (not American).
I gave the show a chance because I enjoyed Bad Education. AP Bio is pretty bad compared to it. Hopefully season 2 improves.
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*
Oh okay, thank you!! 
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker
What a cataclysm
Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house 
Why would someone need a year to respond to your needs? Don’t waste another moment.
Why did you agree to it... Lol... I'd understand if it was kindergarten kids who agreed to some rules and later decided to change their minds...
Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!
Don't cope
Ugh, that contour looks so incredibly natural. I love this look; it's stunning and smooth as hell.
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.
Fucking monophanie looking ass floating with the dead, nice.
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now
*I bring you Love!*
A sea of red flags. Make this guy your ex, you deserve better. 
Nobody likes you
The 4th from the right on the front row is still my favorite hat. It is hard to pair the Blue and Orange with a random outfit.
[NAME] is the best
That is amazing! Congratulations! Such a great news!
That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?
Like I said deleted
I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression
Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.
I used to. It's been a while though.
"Reminds me of ""This Be The Verse"", haha."
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?
That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.
Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?
Oohhooo that's cold (& very good!)! 🤣
Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)
It’s actually not. But i agree.
Amazing, thanks for posting.
Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out
He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.
Funny they decided to show a bunch of T2 images demonstrating the chronic microvascular ischemic disease and omitted the diffusion which had the more interesting findings pertinent to TGA.
FUCKING READ IDIOT
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic
Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.
I am just a regular guy. Maybe you guys should talk to a specialist....especially if you are trying to conceive. Good luck!
People are barbaric even though they are peaceful? You’re not making any sense.
I think you mean what a factual statement.
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level
just ban everything!
This is actually interesting..thanks.
Awesome shot dude!
> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.
Lol I’d love to.
I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.
Yeah like I just get more dissociated. Music sounds better and stuff
happy cake day
Watched this while eating hash browns covered in ketchup. You SOB. NSFW lol.
happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now
Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?
Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months I’ve been got. Thank you.
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up
"love seeing ""donkey kong 64"" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ "
[NAME] are the liars, we know.
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.
She represents window licking retards.
Good luck!
Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].
I believe in traditional gender use in language.
Somebody is really insecure about their career decisions.
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses 
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.
It is a very good opportunity for him to learn not to care so much about his hair.
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.
It's spelled HIPAA, not HIPPA. It also doesn't do what you think, and at best it's the ADA that discourages employers from asking.
thank you for your consideration but i like both
I have no idea what's going on, but I hate when people surround the car like that. 
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.
It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.
facetune is hard work you fucking pore. I work all day to support this family and this is the thanks I get?
I have a cold too 😿. Hope you feel better!
We've allways a ear to rent you here in reddit, you little sensitive bigheart. Now time to feel good again, ok?
>Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.
Poetic and also true.
I love this subreddit
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.
It’s funny
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
Thank you so much❤
exactly my condition, mate 
We've lived together for 4 years. We do everything together.
So glad I have a 20 minute walk to work up in the Bay Area.
I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.
I love spaghetti... Can I have your recipe?
That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...
Thank you! Looks delicious.
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh
That survival rate is skewed. It doesn't include the people who don't seek treatment because they can't afford it
Protesting in general is an emotional response. People’s attachment to their cause grows stronger in the face of confrontation and adversity.
There will always be a difference between a friend and a true friend
I think it's kind of cute. Someone give her a megaphone, she's a gift for the GOP.
I love [NAME] :)
Haha I thought that was more subtle than something like HOO DINI or banana bus.
We might now be almost maybe nearly ready to potentially maybe play finals. I think [NAME] will make the finals this year. They'll be the surprise team.
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. 
Private practice cash only in a wealthy suburban area. Just see the worried well and live the dream.
stupid science bitches
on the subject of meltdowns, stay calm yourself and try your best not to escalate them.
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life
nah he only had one good year really
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend. 
This makes me feel so much better about the things I’ve done that make me cringe.
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.
"I know, right? What an embarrassment that local news would call that thing a ""tractor""."
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues
Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post. 
Happy new year!
Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady 
This guy also has scorching speed on the bases.
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!
Yikes ... that's a bad one. Thanks, and good catch.
This is how it should be. I'm so happy to see this post.
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together
Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough
gotta love some Detroit Sports
I love how this is worded.
I actually should do that.....
Wow, I’m an idiot.
i believe this is [NAME] from [NAME] on instagram!! her owners are so sweet
oh stop IT
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy
I love this! Wish I lived in the city!
While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(
Funny looking bats.
Shirt is cringey, but he’s right. 
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position
He isn't always. But right now. Shoot the ball whenever you want Young blood. Go head.
Cool story bro
Someone just needs a hug
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.
Sorry I meant the participants
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D
Hey daddy [NAME]
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.
I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.
Damn that was ugly
"The weird part of our ""rivalry"" is that some people bought into it."
This makes me smile!
I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.
That’s adorable! I love it!
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.
"""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"", or something to that avail."
Nononononononononono this is not happening
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago
I think the number seems plausible, but I don't see why the number matters - elaborated here.
I'm so sorry
I’m crying omfg
You dirty scavenger
This is why you always get a prenup. You never know if, during your marriage, you might become the wealthiest person in the world.
That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.
Can you fucking not
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.
Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.
I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!
I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make
This is petty af but I'm in
Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.
I watched that one, her butt is real lol
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think 
I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.
thanks mate! I haven’t given that idea much thought, i’ll give it a shot next time i’m home
I'd love [NAME] to smash some faces in.
This is hilarious
Yeah it seems like that lol I just wish they are playing a more or less team game and help you out.
sadly it is ;-;
Franz Ferdinand are awful too
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.
I think we would have tried to, but [NAME], as we can see, is way too good to make us a bottom 4 team.
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.
Yes! Actor [NAME]. Really talented.
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill
They're awesome live too. Non-stop jamming. Seen them a bunch of times live.
Hears hoping, best of luck
That was amazing!
it was amazing
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle
Mornings can be hard, lol.
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :) 
Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid
I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.
Imagine the baby being retarded
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.
That’s wonderful to hear. :) I hope you get your guy!
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.
I was chuckling the whole time I read this, I would have loved to be there
No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.
Great bit of info. Thanks for the reply.
"To be fair, it is a wild sentence. ""I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31."" As if they're related lol"
"""Eh"" Love it. "
I appreciate the hell out of this.
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!
Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]
*blinded by the shill* I know like 2 people unfortunately..
Yes, good communication is key and we all see the world through our own unique perspective. Thanks for sharing!
Well, that sucks
makes no sense, troll harder
Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.
I'm pretty jelly now, lol. Esp. The pear shape 😧
I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)
Good idea!
Let's wait for January patch, and hope that your problems will be resolved soon. I have too much fun in this game right now :) 
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true
This shit got me rolling LMFAO
i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.
I wish I could go, but I can’t. Do enjoy your time and I pray it is spiritually fruitful for you!
Well this is frustrating.
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday. 
Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.
I never thought about that last part - how cool! He is lucky to have you for an owner, you seem very caring!
Welcome to the club....
What a useless answer in this situation
Oh she dead
Oh yeah, thanks!
Right on. The cities are where you can find some of the most virgin girls.
Not a good sound, a glorious sound.
Of course :) thanks for reading it!
Lol really?
OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid
Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol. 
So the term Londoner is now Sunderlander? Thanks for the update.
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]
I’ll never understand people who freak out at that, just say they were born a different color.
You are welcome! I am so happy it worked :))
Keep working at it with your partner. I hope it all works out for you.
I know it sucks and it isn't like it's a new perk multiple swf probably all have it by now
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.
That it just seems worst now because we have phones (instant media)
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell
Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol
Japan is awesome.
you dont have to sign up for anything, just literally paste the output of the script.
It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate. 
This keeps getting posted. I think not
Can confirm. He went political with his comedy though, which doesn't work for conservatism
His truck was never used by ISIS.
Ok dude!
Great setup.
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one
This is the full-circle EP story I came here for. Made my morning. Thanks Aunt [NAME]!
Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year
Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. 
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc
Her elitism is what earned her the place here. She's clearly a lefty statist.
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.
That is fantastic.
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.
While lifting, loving yourself, and just being confident bro. 
We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling
I. Love. This. Team.
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.
Weird but interesting nonetheless.
You're giving her too much credit.
Well said.
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now
So, I'm wondering if there's something I can use for this project that will help you if it's solid.
That’s good
Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.
they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.
It'll get better. I know sometimes it's hard to believe that, but it's true. Promise.
They both do! Like wow!!!
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.
Their stuff is actually really amazing! Everything from brushes to lipsticks I've loved
Not against us this season, apparently. 
You just defended him with a bunch of doublespeak bullshit so I’m gonna have to disagree. You’re a fucking idiot.
> [NAME] My god we have to stop with some of these advanced statistics, it’s legit getting ridiculous. 
Thanks. Didn't quite catch all that.
oppressed by nature!
#I am relaxed
I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing
Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.
LMAO I love hockey
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore. 
The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’
Interesting theory. I like your science. I just like the taste and wear protective clothing in case it falls apart.
Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. 
alright, i'll be the one to say it. the tongue looks like an orange penis, congrats
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me
Just remember we’re all silly looking, gangly monkey things living on a rock floating through nothing, all trying to be cool. Have fun
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.
Love the snow suit.
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.
I wanna see [NAME] up there 90 points let's do this
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.
I might have accidentally brought some back when I went to Peru. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ah man I loved pisco.
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.
Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows 
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.
Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite
I’m not sure this was a while ago. No major injuries were sustained so probs not.
Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.
It’s funny u should go check it out
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.
This is amazing news for the Giants. If either of these guys are available at 6 they should literally sprint to the podium.
Damn, u right. 
Lol, well if it's any consolation, I thought it was funny
I fully endorse the oppression and eventual extermination of all gamers.
You're not wrong. Hahaha
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE! 
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.
it only flatters them when they’re posed a certain way. but other than that, it looks awful and uncomfortable
Lol I wish
He's an adorable person.
hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate 
I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.
[NAME] a bastard man
This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, 
Like the op said, [NAME] is more of a giver, so I think [NAME] would be happy as long as [NAME] would be happy
Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.
Thank you. ❤️
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored
She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.
This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.
Fair enough. But he’d basically become an off tank with all that healing lol. I already get raped by reaper enough (tank main)
I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe
This dvd must be pretty hard to come by if it’s going for $49... thank you though I appreciate it.
First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.
I really hope [NAME] is in mk11. Hes such an awesome character!
Yeah i miss lectures for this exact reason. Its pretty bad, but what can ya do :/
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.
lol this is good.
So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.
except this isn’t true, we know this because other cities do the same thing and see no significant decrease in sales 
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips
No the limiting factor is the leader raped a young boy and paid his silence
Not true. Our knowledge of it is derived from the fossil record, which is geological.
Gee I wish.
Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.
Shut the fuck up, loser.
I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken
Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!
Yeh lol. Reddit acts as if he's hitler when he doesnt even get that many views. I
thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything
When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge. 
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.
I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.
Yea the flash fan combo’s purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what he’s talking about. Lmao
this makes me miss my girflriend
Outside of Reddit the Democrat base has definitely not gotten more progressive.
You should be proud. I hope that I'll have the will to keep myself held to such a standard when the time comes.
Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow. 
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome
We will pray for your conversion and for those who misspoke for the church. Keep at it. The fact that you’re here means something wonderful.
The best workd record
I think the comment is highly relevant, thank you for posting it.
omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help
Cool! Thanks for responding! ;)
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.
Oh yes! You're great.
Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter
"[NAME]: ""I wish I won't get robbed of a victory again"" [one finger of the monkeys paw curls]"
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3
It's so goddamn funny.
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others
Unfortunately not. 😏
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.
suck me beautiful
Gotta share the love, have an upvote :) 
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle
I loooooove Tiff!!!
Thanks for the gold kind stranger
That's not what follows from that at all.
How about as a whole we just hate snow
That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH
Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is
Indescribably beautiful.
Good mythical morning. Hope you get better soon
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency 
Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.
I'd love that
Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.
You might be right. Not everybody is going to find their way the same as I did.
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.
A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!
Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.
If they could get a psychologist/therapist maybe they would have a better life.
My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!
This makes me unfathomably angry.
That's because there are a lot of other attrocities that have happened since then. [NAME] aren't the only ones facing discrimination.
Great to hear that. Go beyond, plus ultra!
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.
She doesn't have to pay anything this is just an opinion of a lawyer. No court ordered that.
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.
> not broken I beg to differ.
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!
"I love you so much. > **""putas""** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)"
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it
[NAME]. Yeah, right. Lol
Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection
Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.
Thank you for this video
I love humans
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!
Hey now. Kirkcaldy is a lovely place to see in my rear view mirror.
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly). 
I appreciate it so much! I'm gonna message you!
I agree I think this version of pac has the biggest chance against floyd
Goddamn right!
Ah fuck.
I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.
Same director for both series, and one of the best in the business.
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.
Just think of the awesome stories though!
It's cool to see more organised stoners too haha
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.
yeah he was a good defender in Utah
Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive
The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world. 
No...how dare you bring factual evidence into this conversation! /s
Her booty so thicc it bends the space/time continuum
What does that even mean? What a uselessly vague statement.
I also relate (and regret)
i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.
I liked the magic but it's really superfluous. Dr [NAME] is literally just ironman with a bad accent, like why does this exist
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl
A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.
"I love that logic ""I don't like it so it must not exist."""
Feels like cod
Err. Lol, I guess.
Fierljeppen heck!
Science damn you!
Thank you so much, fehduhp! I will tell her this. 
Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌
Woah I never thought of that... thank you!I'll say my news resolution is to bake more lol
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.
She's cute but she's got that crazy look, the type of girl that would cut your d*ck off. 😬
I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].
I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family
52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!
Ok thanks for your help!
i just wanted to thank you. it took long to find a place where i can voice my thoughts
Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!
thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved
This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20!
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.
There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!
there's a thai restaurant in my husband's hometown that makes pad thai delicious enough to make me cry. i look forward to it every time we visit
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.
It's great with Brave
You're welcome, eh
Real Person. I'm just saying I like the merchandise.
I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.
Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too. 
For me, I tend to (over)share with friends, but also get offended at trivial questions like you.
WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.
I got into one building, but I’m planning on going back soon. pictures ^
This is what I’ve come to expect from this community. Good job
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. 
Damn it, I only have 6 comments on this sub, I don’t qualify😞
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.
I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.
Jfc, that's depressing.
That's a great idea!
Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.
Aaaaaand they turned it off. Terrible roads everywhere.
Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.
Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.
It is bad tho.
Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going. 
Twas delicious friend
 Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day. 
Unlubricated is the best unicorn there is :)
One time my old Teacher made our entire country leave the European Union...thanks Mr. [NAME]...
Hahaha love it
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting! 
Lol, believe me you would know. 
They're wrong I don't like math and I'm still ugly
Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.
I love Simpsons alternative art because it really drives home how great these characters are and how relatable they are.
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.
They are looking pretty stacked this year
hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :)
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.
Gift from [NAME]
aha, guilty
oh yes, we are.
Hahaha. Oh, you.
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.
[NAME] was a strong candidate. I think she can win if it's an open seat race.
It gave me a laugh. xD
honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!
I know the planes are bad, but come on man.
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.
Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~
I wishhhh. She’s honestly what started getting me the fuck away from centrism
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.
Smart guy.
Definitely bitter, lol.
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball
Yeah, and I always thought the dude in these comics was supposed to be like 30 years old. 
My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol
[NAME] is timeless, so I think both can be true at once. We have been saved, are being saved, and will be saved.
Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?
Dude i wish you the best. I had one and it had been removed though surgery about 5 years ago. The best of luck
Well if you don’t enjoy fishing, lucky you, there are various other activities in this game which can net you decent cash. 
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.
Can't jab him outta this wind up unblockable lol
All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).
I love the comradely for finding the source
"I love that! We need a ""We have cookies"" line for her, now!"
And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.
I've only seen the beginning of this video...until today.
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.
Stupid science bitch
Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.
There are a few. I've gotten a couple messages. Thanks for the support but people judging my throwaway account... who cares?
Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)
it's a damn shame.
They're both happy though
Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted
Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.
What a great reason to have kids.
One of my favs was when we were in the playoffs against the Habs and we won all five fights in a line brawl
Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.
Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore
No. I make jokes about it, and so does he but he doesn't actually know. 
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.
She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow. 
Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument
Downtown Charlotte at a pretty nice restaurant too Edit: missed the when part. This happened around spring 2017
Way too tired for work today so taking the day off. Feels pretty great!
Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.
Glad you found it!
You live in a wonderful fantasy world where all the students will pretend they are not adolescents with raging hormones. Charming.
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!
I need this source with sound
"I like this one, it's not a ""when you"" meme."
That feels nice.
Brilliant! Like I said to the other dude, anything that's similar to this is a happy coincidence:)
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky
Yet *I* get banned for saying you should downvote posts you don’t like. Fml
I like this.
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic
Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.
Damn, that's dark
Happy just came out
Ive missed this kind of rant. Thank you. Thank you so much.
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window ""ledge"" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years."
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.
lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench
Why? I've got your attention and thats when the fun begins
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.
Lol I collect them too!
Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?
I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again
I mean, they've probably dealt with human vagina blood on a fairly regular basis...
Really well said.
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, ""A little Swedish Sizzle!"" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!"
This is great. Thanks for sharing OP :)
Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit
I don't know what she is talking about. Therefore i will say that she is DEFINITELY WRONG AND SHOULD SHUT UP! /s
I always wondered how testicles sound when popping.... hoping that it would never happen to me.
This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.
I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol
Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.
What he said is entirely untrue fyi
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️
Wow. What is wrong with you
Dude nice catch lol
Interesting, I'll scoop some
Well damn.
I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)
Love it!
Well damn, sounds more reliable then shit like and all that
lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻
But that floor is so nice and shiny...
Thanks, fixed it
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all
Good article there! Thanks for sharing.
I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic
I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot
Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.
That's so cool 😀 thanks!
lol not wearing any clothes in the pic
I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting
Superfluous? No, just give what you said would be necessary in 2006! 
My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily. 
Rough. Poor woman.
Great picture! What a amazing tribute! I love Dallas
Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though
it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.
that's nice :)
I hope it was somebody else's.
"""I lost control"" would have been an understandable explanation. ""It lost control"" is not. "
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.
The perfect amount of salt for me
What an absolute professional.
I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong. 
Beautiful view!
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.
Bore off, you pearl-clutching, centerist coward. 
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.
Damnit, you beat me to it.
TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!
Fast as [NAME] will carry me. Seriously uptown to downtown via Claiborne or broad isn’t that bad
I’m a big Spider-Man fan and this looks terrible compared to Spider-verse and the PS4 game.
damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.
Move on bro. Don't sit around waiting for someone. If it's meant to happen later, it will.
Ah, then apologies for my ignorance, and thank you
Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* 
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite
You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses
Better than the posted joke! thanks!
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy
Nice pen.
Geezuz, this brute is damn hot. I'm In Love. 
> we should ally with them in organization for change lol good luck with that
It fucking better have draft assets
She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol. 
Not censoring usernames is against Reddit’s rules...
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** melodesign! ^(hug)
What an amazing guy.
Holy shit I grew up in Sugar Land! Moved to Philly. Didn’t expect to see it on reddit today. This made my day.
Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.
Cause as soon as he locked in execution he used the auto typing function immediately celebrating. Gets punished by karma and im the one down voted. Sure
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!
I'm so proud of this community
Best news ever. Some quality futbol at last!
Ah damn it.
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?
watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes
Clean your room, bucko!
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?
That’s blasphemous 😩
I like the game tonight
slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.
Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.
Haha i love chinese food
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.
Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!
Yea. That video is garbage.
Yup. Soft serve turd special
Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.
Yes, In the edit, after I already made my comment. 
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx
I laughed at this
Her bi energy is so strong tbh
I think I like em even more lol
Thank you for sharing!
Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers) 
Thank you 🙂
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.
Thanks, you’re right. I should delete the app. 
Very entertaining matchup. I really hope we can squeak out the win.
Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best
Depending on your specs. Insurgency sandstorm is my go to game. Coop is also a blast.
Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange
I don’t like it.
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh
We are simply comrades in feed! Accept this glorious future!!
I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙
I LOVE [NAME]!!! She’s all around a really outstanding and kind human being
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!
No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that
Thank you! Some of the phone pictures I see taken through telescopes are pretty cool, it is amazing to see how well that method works...sometimes...
You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious. 
Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you
They’re pretty great for a budget airline.
How dare you do [NAME] like this.
Starting super simple helps; compliment strangers! Nothing else - smile, compliment and keep walking your merry way. Hell of a confidence booster too 
Hey I thought she was cute the whole time. I was also 12 though and she cute.
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.
Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D
"...if there is a way to edit this to ""original content"" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks! "
"So your sticking by the term ""extremist"" for this massive chunk of the population."
Wow, y'all are heroes! 
Thanks I absolutely love it.
That or spot up shooting. I like the confidence though, he’s not scared to expand his game.
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet, 
Clever, original, and a little knotty. Nice work.
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it
Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!
Unless they’re narcissistic. Then gray rock the hell out of them and good luck!
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong 
Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.
Yeah, that’s probably what he was trying to say
That’s horrible. You definitely didn’t deserve it. I’m glad to hear you’re doing OK now.
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.
How’d you film this and what type of microscope/camera did you use? This is great!! Thank you for creating and sharing.
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.
My heart is breaking for that little girl.
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.
I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.
I really liked [NAME] tbh
This is awesome. You can really see how little wasted motion [NAME] had—everything looked effortless.
Agree but 2015/2016 KAT != 2018 KAT
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here
I wish I could upvote this a million times. What a wonderful tack to take.
He doesn't He just want to get the F*** out of there.
[NAME] was our only playmaker the past few years.
Happy cake day Mr bot
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad. 
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.
yes. i hate being bored. it's the cause of much of my depression and anxiety.
Great game Pens!
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!
Oh thanks this is really helpful
Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.
thank u for bein a friend
I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!
Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...
Thanks! Having a look.
You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!
You will miss 100% of the shots you don’t take, you just gotta take a chance and see.
Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.
But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback
> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.
I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year
Something I just thought of... Can you email her or text her instead of call? I find it's easier to deal with difficult people that way.
Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...
Nice try OSI
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.
HAHHAHA thats good
but it sure looks good
As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it
Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali
Having this issue as well it really does me in
Definitely, I'd do that. The league pass deal isn't awful though.
The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.
I do go to the school counselor once a week. Thank you for the suggestions
What kind of dog is that on the left?! He looks like a sweet pup.
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.
Pls not granny :(
Jeez this would be such a turn off to try and help people in the future
he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise
Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.
My pleasure. It pays the bills.
You’re welcome!
Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.
motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace
Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating
BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap
I like your name.
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.
Proud of you for being exposed to all this and still recognizing how crazy this shit is.
Good for them
ive had 300ug tabs before, took 2 had full on ego death was naked with my friends jumping on moving cars 
Glad to see it resolved by someone as the community manager said not too long ago. I wouldn't give in and pay.
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.
Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.
"""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."""
HAHAHA YES MEYERS
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?
That would be the greatest night ever!
Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.
Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.
Hell yeah, high five. Good job!
I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.
Read. Smoke weed. Video games. Smoke weed and CLEAN ALL THE THINGS!
I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by
Absolutely horrible.
Homing pigeons make the best SOs
Thank you for reminding me!
Agree, she needs to learn to value herself. 
Yeah I think most of what [NAME] says is sensible policy but this would be a step too far.
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s
This team is fucking embarrassing.
Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.
My toddler calls it gorilla cheese, and beats his chest like a gorilla when asking for it, lol
Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.
It’s beautiful
This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.
Got it! I wasn't aware that it was a slur, and thought that it was just a general term used. Thanks for the info.
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...
I would say love is never enough. Love is unconditional. Relationships are not.
You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.
Thank you, I need it. I am currently trying to learn French, would that help ?
Better still get the free game!
Inspiring music that makes you proud.
"I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like ""look what you did"""
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.
"I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty ""interesting""."
Lol, no.
About fucking time ordering ASAP
So what's so funny about what you just said?
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.
Is what I took from it lol.
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.
Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!
Let's all wilk together!
That’s reasonable
Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...
And that's all that matters. You found the right car at the right price. Congratulations!
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!! 
My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.
Of course you don't think it's relevant. Your empathy for human life is tentative at best.
Nothing about that looks comfortable
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.
Can't wait for episode 5
Awesome! Glad you found it informative! Thanks for watching.
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D
Very glad to hear. Good luck. He has more control then he thinks!
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this
You're fighting the good fight here. If you still want blackberries on your property, you can always try growing our native one, *Rubus ursinus*.
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.
My bad lol.
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.
Invisible Monsters is amazing. I'd say it should be made into a movie, but that would be difficult.
"What a fucking moronic jackass. ""This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"""
Eh. Totally possible. Even if he did know he's drunk and could be having a laugh about it.
Pay, 69k each No, I was pirate legend before doubloons we’re in the game. Thanks!
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(
Lol nice grammar
I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.
I didn't say remain was left wing. I said the E.U acts as a buffer against the most insane and cruel Tory policies.
I'm sorry to hear. I wish you the best of luck with everything! Just know that we're all here for you ❤️
Yup, not enough money
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.
"Game still ""fun"" if you don't tryhard and play on QM but some people are trolling on other mode and that's Can be hard for nerv."
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF
Mr. Steal Yo Perfect Season
All my hugs to you. She will have a peaceful end surrounded by people who she loves so much.
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.
I love this information!
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!
I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.
Happy cake day :)
Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year 
good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!
"Here's another message ""You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."""
Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears
Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!
Prices there appear lower than Banff and it would only be a short drive, thanks! I'll continue my research into Canmore.
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.
It's great that he was banned and your coworkers helped you out!! :D
Great Expectations!
You fool, you have no idea that you talked about team fortress all along!
"I was just thinking to myself ""maybe I should get Tinder"". Thank you for reassuring me that, nah I'm good without it."
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.
When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over
If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.
She really does and She really isn't! She's an old, tired ass, busted up, con artist hoe!
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.
Not sure how you got that outta my post. I play a lot of non-meta stuff all the time just because I find it fun or challenging.
Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!
I like him in Friends from College too!
I love this show!!
What? No deal, abort, abort!
happy cake day!
Omg this is the best idea I’ve ever heard for a rework
You are so pretty.
Neat stuff!
I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN. 
Welcome to eb games
I knew this was coming! Amazing!
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?
But balance does not include the dark side
You sound angry.
No TV Party for you 👎
Considering I only play in a 4 man group across most games. I'm good thanks.
I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.
I laughed several times
Another nipple man, we should form our own Subreddit
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.
Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.
[NAME] was autistic BOOM
Hope your mum gets well soon. Enjoy Saturday!
That sounds awful. Do you like that schedule?
It was great, and it still is.
a really cool acrylic painting of this same picture!
Thank you for your support!
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.
LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡
I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it
school is not that bad
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus
Great to hear something positive for once! Was half expecting a negative rant. Yay for [NAME] and congrats to you.
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.
Fuck the fucking refs. Seriously. Fuck those fucking cunts. I'm so fucking mad. Fucking dickless fucking street walking fucking sluts.
>Emotions like this will get you killed. That is too bad, considering I was planning on living forever.
Man I just hope for a good ole fashion W
I always seem to date men with long hair and a beard. Often with blue eyes.
Thank you for the advice. It is really really appreciated. 🙂
Heard that too lol. And how [NAME] is fantastic on the ball, but the lack of assists puts him down as a player .
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.
This is the best one yet.
I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!
yet another infuriating loss, against a garbage team no less
I hate my life
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD
Glad I wasn’t the only who noticed. Annoyed me slightly.
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. 
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.
Looking super dope!
Fair to say I won't have to pay pipebomb 10ETH. Happy New year, all!
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.
So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.
he’s not happy with me
It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.
Yes, he needs to sit the fuck down, that's all I have to say.
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.
This makes me wanna die
yes, i fucking hate that.
That's exactly what I said and not arguing in bad faith at all. I applaud your intellectual honesty and hope your sexually repressed dystopia is swiftly enacted.
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.
you forgot miracle, fake fan
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.
Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.
Oh my god is this even an possibility? He’s one of my favorite college coaches. That mans voice is legendary.
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.
And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build. 
Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️
Thank you new best friend.
*Oblivious to double standards Haha lucky he didn't have, * must not be a Hypocrite
Come on I think he’s funny!
Nothing matters. The world was burning when you came in to it and it will be burning when you leave it.
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.
Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.
[NAME] reaction gives me life. His reaction when they got punched last episode was amazing too.
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. 
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!
I think there is something odd about it too... We will probably get the truth it the not to distant future, but no one will care. 
And it's stopped. Training cancelled :-)
I already love [NAME]. [NAME] gorgeous, but just didn't charm me as fast Ms [NAME].
Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3
I'm on my legal age and he's my second partner. I wil try to find more about it...
She's just going to suck you back in.
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol
Bless you for raising awareness.
Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger. 
"My nmom always says ""Well, you learned from it!"""
Lol that’s classic!! Thanks.
It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!
Thank you! I'm going to do my very best. ❤❤❤
Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?
YES [NAME], we're rooting for you! 🎉🎉
Your dad is a wise man
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️
Sensationalism as usual
IM IN ITALY AND WILL HAVE TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT TO WATCH THIS BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
I’m here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!
Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.
Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.
That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.
Isn’t SOHR group of people(organisation)? lol dont tell me its just one guy.
Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were
they have died here in canada
As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers
Everyone keeps giving me that advice haha. She's happily married to a really nice dude, and she is basically my sister at this point.
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
I'm the opposite. I love spending time with friends but initiating it always gives me anxiety, so I generally wait for them to do something.
Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care! 
He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance
"""Family is forever""? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly."
She’s cool as hell
Oh, cool. That’s the TF all the little kids like nowadays.
You've added nothing to this conversation and just repeated what everybody else. Thanks for wasting my time.
I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.
I love [NAME]
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though
That would be really great, but good luck.
I appreciate the honesty! If you don't mind me asking, what state do you live in?
Reminds me of series finally [NAME]. Serious and dashing.
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.
Cuddling. Lots of cuddling
I would say the answer is better education, not disenfranchisement based on socioeconomic circumstances, but you do you I guess.
CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.
Agree. I did enjoy Godless but I was addicted to The Terror. It was full of such amazing character actors.
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho. 
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.
My fave moments are checking cities and villages and my heart races when I see movement :D
Get em chief, fuck em, I find those people annoying as hell and I barely even use Instagram/twitter
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....
I've always thought [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are beautiful.
SOOOOO TRUE!!
No offense but you have no idea what you’re talking about. Maybe you like neurotic, needy men, but the general populace does not.
There’s still hope!
I bet the people who migrated here legally some time ago would love to see the problems they fled from follow them back here!
That looks like total garbage.
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.
Her mother has been visiting the book sales down at Miskatonic university! You apparently have an excellent reading background, and you've learned well!🧛‍♀️💜
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30
That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.
Thank you much better now
Because I don't like being fat lol.
I miss those lol
What a time to be alive.
Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.
i am retarded
[NAME] damn it I hate when enemy keepers use their hands and stuff to keep the ball outside their goal. Make a mistake pls.
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!
[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point
[NAME] and [NAME] are definitely not wings. I like the other guys though.
I know and that made me sad!
Best pancakes in town!!
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)
It's an... Interesting place. You seen that boy shoofta that posts on it? He ain't right.
I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point
My whole life’s been a lie
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down. 
Glad to hear. It seems like a very hopeful sign. 👍
I can do that too but I have diarrhea
"[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients""..."
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.
Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.
Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.
Looking good boah
My favorite kind of post
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad
Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**
I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.
good luck. I'm hoping to get hrt this year and be a girl for my senior year.
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.
Wonderfully said!
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.
Thank you so much! We will likely also be doing that haha :)
I wanna win this game so bad FJB
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly 
Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally
Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.
Maybe focus on today instead of worrying about eternity? You'll get a lot more out of life that way.
Agreed. I'm happy he was able to find a resolution of sorts; to effectively overcome the event.
Really like Molotov, such a great song!
Thank you 🙏
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.
Let me add to them - it was awesome. Also unexpected!
Thank's for the notice.
Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you
There’s a lot of us ladies here, unfortunately 😔
Yeah there's no reason to believe you staying up as a kid has anything to do with your current insomnia
This person is a god damn idiot
[NAME], now i’m graduated trying to pay off my student loans
If this is actually real it is really fucking stupid.. 400mg of nicotine!? Clearly you're looking for something stronger, might as well try heroin..
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.
Glad to hear it's ubiquitous and not an OS thing.
Put an echo or Alexa under it lol
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day
Thank you. I feel like I’ve scarred her for life, but I know that’s probably not the case.
It was a dig at OP not you ahah, this video was posted there over a year ago
Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body 
Cheers dude. Upvoted!
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon
I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.
Omg I love these things so much
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!
It's a joke, fam.
This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress. 
That brilliant and so true!!!
Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly
Not ok. They could have easily given them a drug test if they really wanted to know if they were on drugs. Disgusting.
Cheers mate, ill do that!
Karma ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What a great example for us all, sir. 
Stupid play.
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.
Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.
That son of a bitch!
The only clown that make me laugh.
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.
Another thank you, this is great info.
I wish. Its too tiny to see from up here.
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.
This blows. But I think [NAME] can do it alone if he gets a home health care assistant.
Polls are closing now! If you're waiting to vote, stay in line! Results should be in shortly!
She’s just overweight. I don’t see anything particularly wrong with her clothing. Lots of people dress adventurously.
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !
No Mayo No Care.
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message
It's like you've never even been around dogs.
Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though
What a thoughtful and clever response. I've never seen anyone point out that someone posts in TD before. Very cool!
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.
The University of Essex was a mistake. They're not even good at sports.
Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.
Everyone thinks that lol
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.
Not OP, but this is a really great response and I'm saving it on my computer for a rainy day. Thank you.
But i really need you to delete the comment
Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12
This is so wildly specific I love it
i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.
I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.
Glad *you* find it funny!! You've ruined my morning!!
You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.
Start doing things you want to do? Doesnt need to be the same things as your peers but just the things you like.
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania
I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink 
That's the exact person who would buy one of those
Good for you OP! I hope you find a much better playgroup soon!
Let it flow through you, become empowered by it. 
I'll help hide the shovels beforehand
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.
Damn that is sexy
DJ finding consistency makes me happy
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy. 
Yep. This sub is just being overly reactionary, which surprises no one.
It can't be, I won't believe it.......this is some antivawers bulls**t xD
I mean, I believe even Showgirls is a better movie than TLJ at this point.
Unfortunately not but I loved the saxy section and would love to see it again!
This inspiring.
It’s amazing.
[NAME], back at it again with the awesome art.
Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.
yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest
A joke of a mock and I usually refrain from being critical of other people's perspectives of team needs and such.
In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages. 
Seattle's train is nice... once you get there. It is an absolute hike from the terminal
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.
the future is now old man
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]
(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)
I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw
I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.
Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.
Shut up, Mag!
I love her attitude and confidence! She has such good sportsmanship
Isn't this the plot of the show YOU on netflix? Be careful lmao.
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
The third picture is creepy.
The website is still up. You want to see this. I've met the guy. He's super nice.
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.
Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.
I’m not attractive but thank you.
Lmao thanks for the update!
I love people that will go out of their way to save a small animal from traffic. Always help the cute ones! And they're all cute!!
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.
[NAME] belongs to no one.
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.
Time to let the justice system run its course.
She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.
If liking your own country is a right wing talking point then why don't the left wingers just leave the country?
Literally right after I sent it. What the hell
I find that telling the truth as much as possible makes things less complicated. I've learned to spin the truth when needed, though.
I would love both of them
No, not at all.
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6
* [NAME] fought for freedom and glory, is one of my favorite characters in general.
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive. 
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.
Dont look back at the salt pillars, trust me.
That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.
"I actually see this one a lot. ""Allergy: fire ants."" Me too, bro. Ants will fuck you up."
Wait, this is actually a really interesting point. That could/should play a factor if he‘s a legitimate candidate. 
Make a super sweet piece of jewellery
You mean your WolfDog Hybrids? Kidding.
I know plenty of old people who did just this
I read your story earlier today. Hun I'm here for you too. Pm me if you need.
AWESOME!!!! I'M GONNA TELL MY MOM HOW EPIC THIS IS AND MAYBE SHE'LL TAKE US TO CHUCK E CHEESE!!!
Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare
That legitimately made me nauseous.
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
Hahaha this is gold
Not gonna lie. Sucked out a few, but am really trying to analyze my play afterwards. Thanks!
Thank you, thank you. More people need to hear this.
I’m impressed.
She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious. 
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.
there is no compromise with people who hold the American people hostage for something the American people don't want. don't negotiate with terrorists.
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum
It is crazy to me that there are even people in this sub that think [NAME] isn't worth his contract.
That sounds exactly like polos
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner
Thousands of people born every single day! But mine? Mine's a god damned miracle!
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:
WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].
It amazes me that she can FaceTune video
I see this a lot on Reddit. Holding a dumb view, dying on a dumb hill just to finally not respond to a breakdown of claims
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long. 
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.
Well RES shows I'm responsible for +113 of that so...you're welcome lol.
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
At least was fun i guess Thx [NAME], thx [NAME]
Man that movie is such a classic
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!
Oh I don't use Twitter, thank you for sharing that info!
I like TRTL.
I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha
You need professional help for that level of paranoia.
I cannot sadly, good luck though.
That’s exactly what it was. Exciting entertainment. Sometimes you just gotta let go & accept it for what it is.
Debs a bitch
You seem fun
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...
We all love to read into data without actually reading the data.
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two
Cool thanks for the reply. Always keen to learn from the actual people haha!
[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!
Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.
Your post is cogent, rationale and completely confirms what I have always to some degree felt deep down. Thanks for sharing! 
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.
welcome to the community, my good dude!
"""oh.... alright"" [NAME]"
He’s from the city so I guess he gets crazy moms or something. He’s awesome 😂
>How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]
Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.
[NAME] really loves [NAME].
this is the best thread ever i s2g
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.
It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.
>Relax ms bi weeb who leans left haha... thanks i love it
They're cowards.
What a legend this fellow is, novak the one and only
Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....
Then enjoy your shutdown!
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.
Wow thank you so much for this response. I wrote down everything and will try and do it all.
Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it
Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!
...I just encountered this on Facebook and your title was my response. Did we just become best friends?
I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?
 It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you. 
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh
How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks
Working now, 5:00PM EST.
I was Isla Vista, beautiful and terrible place
" ""What do Scottish people look like?"" How I would love to have been there to take a swing at that softball. "
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.
Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.
The greatest of all deals.
I’m excited to experience Denver for the first time! All I’ve heard is how amazing it is
What the hell does metaphysics have to do with this? Also it’s a meme, get over yourself. 
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?
Thanks again!
I appreciate you stat heads because I never look at TS or really any of that stuff tbh. No advanced metrics for me
Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x
Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong
I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.
"""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"" see you in hell "
That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.
I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.
Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.
Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.
Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!
I like what you did to PK ☺
Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.
Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.
My poor baby
This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op
You’re welcome
And get amazingly toned calves in the process! [NAME]
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel
"""You know, this should have never happened."" Well no shit you dumb ass!"
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues
My bf just got this too. He's obsessed
yeah exactly! thanks for understanding.
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.
Means behave like you are a sexual Tyrannosaurus.
0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in
I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.
Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders
Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.
You can do it! live the dream!
Ugh I live in WA state and now I'm scared I'm going to get measles even though I'm vaccinated, I hate anti-vaxxers
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.
I noticed a lot of times racists just try to bait people so you did the right thing.
Never heard of high app but will look now!! Thanks for posting peeps!
I'm here for you😄😜
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇
How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.
God damn I miss this game!
Congratulations! I have 8 months and 23 days! We DO recover & we can do it together! Proud of you :)
Happy New Years, sidepiece!
Nice try Iwobi
Men don't tend to have bags as big, I reckon
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.
that's ace, thank you so much 
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!
[NAME] was pretty god damn brutal too.
She must hate her father.
Love it. More power to you!
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really
So much better that way!
Love the username.
Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members 
"Ah the classic ""I don't deserve you"" argument."
This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.
i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭
Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing
Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.
This sub is so edgy
hahaha incredible, good catch 
Got it, thanks for clearing it up.
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^
Sucks to suck Ratbirds
Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there
My mistake, after almost 15 seasons it's a little hard to remember. Thanks for letting me know!
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it
Funny because I only owe 20k... I guess no one told these kids community college exists.
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys. 
Wow you summed it up perfectly. Where can I find one of these rare specimens?
I get to walk home for 30 minutes for the next 3 days. Pray for me everyone.
I leave for three weeks in Morocco tomorrow. Excited for the 80 degree temperature swing.
I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]
Thank you. I needed to hear all of this. I appreciate it.
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me
I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.
Strawberry lemonade by ziip pods is the best I've ever tasted.
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. 
He was so proud of it, too ...
This is dangerous.
And oof for the red car
More excited about the pick than [NAME], but might be nice outfield depth in time.
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.
Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits. 
Yes! Bewildering. Thanks for posting. Really.
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...
> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol
You look like [NAME] ex fiancé from The Office
I was just joking...
No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?
The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Because you deserve to live and be happy
Oh it is going to be glorious.
Huh. Weird.
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people
I hope the surgery goes well and have a quick recovery 💚
As a former professional graphic designer, thank you for the gift of this subreddit.
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.
This is so tough for all of you! I'm so sorry!. Are you in Canada? I would push hard for a pediatric gastroenterologist.
The person he marries is going to be murdered by him
That’s hard-boiled. This is the secret weapon we’ve been waiting for. You are a god-damned hero. 🎖
*pat pat* they will all be fine
Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!
Ahhh more and more selfish
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.
That's interesting
I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man 
That's probably all I am going to do. Edit: I could also just visit this sub to find out what happens.
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.
can you share it here? I would love to be able to support you and watch your success!
Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid 
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.
I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.
Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha
Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.
Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha
No another person lol.
It’s possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running
And completely daft
I think you'll find there is only one big one, lasting less than an hour.
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.
I’ve come to the same realization. So now if its less than a pound I’m offering free shipping.
The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.
That’s such a beautiful moment to find each other there and support each other even if you know you can’t have each other.
Hopefully you will be ok.
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)
Not that surprising, but *very* exciting to see! Here’s hoping Syria reclaims its place as a major regional industrial and commercial center!
It was fucking in!!
yea so disgusting
Sir excuse me my mother says i am a very handsome young man.
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances 
This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.
The irony here is i agree, but [NAME] is capable of doing it in a bad tank meta. That guy really needs a look at, lol.
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.
If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot
Reading on that sub makes me sick.
Yeah but it's fun lol. Hes banned a lot in NA also.
Thanks for reading!
that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )
I sure hope so. I wanna cry tears of joy knowing [NAME] and [NAME] rode off into the sunset with one last ring.
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.
Just wanted to say I love your username
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.
It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.
Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really. 
Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. 
Prayer will help you more than any of us can
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.
Also featuring the dat ass meme in the 2nd panel and the LOL rage face in the 4th. Both ancient but apparently still considered funny by some.
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub
I'm so uncomfortable.
You made the right choice. Helps to get him out of mind, out of sight and begin the healing process.
Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at. 
Can you please make one for ps4 with (movie) [NAME], [NAME], and Palp please?
"I'm irritated by the upside down ""Anti Crease"" bit more than anything. "
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)
Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*
Match highlights for those interested, it was a very fun match
I’m down for destruction at anytime. Destruction is my best friend! But hope you feel better, heart breaks do indeed suck. 
I really like [NAME] videos
Lol’d at your flair
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes
I would highly recommend [NAME] ([NAME]) he is the great-grandson of [NAME]
An ugly fuk
TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao
Now I just want to see every scene with [NAME] in it with [NAME] following him around playing the theme.
Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.
You missed the chance to title it [NAME] :(
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...
You stole this
I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant
That's actually kinda funny. Just hoping you don't ask for a transfer to the women's facilities.
Thank you for making this guide.
Praise the [NAME]
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports
You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.
It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].
Awesome. Thank you so much!
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good. 
Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.
And happy cake day.
"Love this. ""Where were we"" and ""what were we"" before birth? It really helps to think this way"
Love the [NAME]
[NAME], I hope so..
Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho
I cant even deal with this you are fighting with someone over your inability to understand a sooooooooooooooooo is sarcasm. Get some help
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. 
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it
I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.
Hoping. Regardless, its true.
I'm sure the guy posting is this just gorgeous with the best personality ever
Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis
I agree and I’m a man haha
Don't you know? We have to just shut up and put our heads down until they decide!
Because feminists have equal rights already. Feminism only still exists because some women figured out that they could use to further their privilege.
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work 
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(
Condoms protect against most STDs.
No. It’s creepy.
What the hell did you just type?
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.
And trying to take [NAME] gun away. 😩 Like really people, it's his weapon, find yourself one and stop trying to teach him better
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case
If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.
it's not hipster until you start calling it mylk, anyway.
There's a reason that the 'Best Girl' achievement exists.
At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.
they're called queens for a reason, fuck democracy
This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol
hell yeah my brother
I love [NAME]
Yes, good for Destiny and Bungie, I wonder if they will return to Microsoft, remain independent or sign with another company.
One of my favorite episodes.
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.
Damm. The more you know .
Well that wasn’t my argument all i said was that the second amendment is aimed att the state
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!
Oh....yuck
I am now weirdly aroused
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? 
I don’t think that can happen here.
"Dog thinking ""shit this guy is crazy, better get out"""
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!
Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful
Just a reminder in case anyone forgot that UGA got embarrassed by Texas:
Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.
>I have always been fairly short (5'9) Is this supposed to be a joke.
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good
Removed for violating Submission Rule #1 OP, I think you will have better luck in /r/relationships or /r/relationship_advice
I got a girl's number at work and we're dating now so all girls aren't like this lol
It's not like it's a bad thing...
This didn’t age well
Thanks for the suggestion!
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!
Thank you so much! Yes that’s what I think I’ll do wait for him to make a move... the waiting part sucks. lol
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.
I had season seats in 230 row 2 for a solid 5 years when the Pru just opened. Great view of the ice. Glad you had fun!
Lol that reaction was golden
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.
Sounds awesome!
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.
Genuinely fascinating.
That was beautiful.
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.
"It's called ""Duper's delight"". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME]."
You having a bad day man?
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul
Oh wow I didn’t realize that
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him
Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!
Love your username!
Is this cronometer? Thanks.
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.
I wish I could be this person.
I upvoted because this is absolutely stupid and hilarious at the same time
Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over
Feel free to PM me, I was a longtime vegetarian before transitioning to veganism.
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong 
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.
But once again that is a problem with the people. So many just attack the people who disagree instead of the arguments.
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.
You are an asshole.
[NAME] woulda been better smh
Good for you!
Yeah, she's reasonable on some issues for sure, but the problem is that there isn't more like her
This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me
Hahahaha that one is my favorite [NAME] video
I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.
[NAME] is amazing, big fan of him. 
Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.
I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.
"""There's always a bigger fuckup."""
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes. 
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.
Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.
I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?
Bravo, that looks beautiful. Though i know for a fact that i would find a way to fall face first on those things sticking out.
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?
This is my new favorite video.
Yup, lost a whole train station inside of their houses. Great loss 
Glad she was a good sport about it.
Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.
I like this. I like this a lot.
The real tips are always in the comments :D
You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.
She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.
"""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck"" is the best I can formulate it."
Wow this is the first I’ve heard of this. You should go tell /r/hockey, I’m sure they have no idea either.
Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.
Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.
"That face screams ""Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"""
You lost everything. So sad. Lots of lies from you. Next time do better. I love this. Friend. :)
She looks like a televangelist.
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.
d'oh, my bad 😔
She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.
Still extremely impressive.
Happy Birthday! ✨
great day for him though, awesome story for the rest of the week
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary
I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.
you almost blew my fucking mind there.
thank you, female, very cool
This is also (as an exmo myself) why I love her. She is awesome.
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.
Nice! Boahs for everyone!
I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].
Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer
I'll always be here to accept you. :)
Havent been working for 10 years at this company about 5 now, but i have overall 10 years experience
You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept
You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.
Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward. 
Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.
Lol. Thanks for the advice friend
Agree, I love her so much
[NAME]. i love it
Id gladly exchange firsts with the Suns
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying
I don't think a player can have no value and also be worth rioting over if he's traded.
Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.
50% completion percentage and was losing 31-10 at the half. Congrats, he got garbage time yards/points when [NAME] was just icing the game. 
She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.
but he got a chainsaw hand. that's pretty cool
True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.
Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :( 
I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this
Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.
OMG, im on hype.
Thanks, I hate reposts
They're passionate about different things.
Investments like that are a paper trail. Ordering takeout food and riding Go-Karts with cash, are not.
Can't wait to the part where she ties him to her chariot and drags him around the Capitol.
Such a nasty woman
Planning to make a comeback soon™
"Yes. ""You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."""
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says ""cat sanctuary"" and hang it above your front door. "
Will do. Have a good night man.
Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things
HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!
This gave me ultimate anxiety
That IS a fun fact
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check 
You are right. Totally my bad.
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger
[NAME] what a piece of shit! How could you do that to an animal?!
It's the only way to stop the ache.
Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.
"Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying ""I remember 2018 like it was yesterday""..."
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **4th Cakeday** notasci! ^(hug)
I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.
[NAME] lmaooo this made me laugh, thank you 😂
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?
That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.
Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.
“But [NAME] wants you to have kids!” [NAME] should have given me ovaries then lol
That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME]. 
Also upvoted. Karma always helps. Edit: thanks for all the upvotes guys. I appreciate your support
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.
I love learning, but I can’t be asked.. 
Oh wow I didn’t know they put out the entire song. Thank you! Have an upvote.
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka
This man has a great attitude!
The world is a big place, there’s always someone.
Audio version as well.
I'm kind of glad they aren't letting you. Just you, not everyone else.
I measure from where the back of the balls are. It counts. Especially if you tend to go balls deep anyway. lol
at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol
ah, rejection. i know something about it
Not a Fan if anything FFXiii but I loved this game. Hope we get a season 2.
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance 
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽
[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS
Omg yesssss. It’s such an amazing combo
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun
Why do some people use tbh after everything
Bless you!
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!
This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe. 
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.
Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children. 
Sorry you are having such trouble.
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!
I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.
i miss this show so much
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it
I hope that you find happiness, too. I'm happy that you've had a place to vent. 
Hopefully he will
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system 
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
[NAME] looks so much better than she did at the premiere. Her lashes aren’t fucked up and the high pony is great.
Those vast differences don't get noticed by the public.
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.
That won't happen though. If the pick is that high, we own it!
Holy crap OP this is genius! I’ll be doing this from now on as this is a big problem for me, thanks!
ya primetime game, huge comeback and hardens sheer dominance pulling that team was amazing to watch
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding
[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.
Really? that's very interesting
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).
OP got woodshed lmao
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.
The greatest out of context quote ever.
This architecture will be treasured even more in a couple of generations. We must act now to conserve it. Btw, happy cake day, slaphead.
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. 
Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.
The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.
"Thanks for explaining. So [NAME] *did* pay for her ""show"" ? "
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.
Thank you; I hope so too.
That makes it an extra special accomplishment. Yay!
Women are dangerous as hell too.
I cackled!!!!
Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!
I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did
> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe
lol why ? they were both garbage when their time was up
Common sence isnt that common any more
People are looking at me wondering why I'm laughing at work.
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater
This is hilarious. Great work🤣
No. Not the I. :(
I would lol
Awesome map!
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them 
My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods. 
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.
Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign
I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.
Big thanks dude! This will really help me out
Totally forgot that, my bad
Cool! Just do yourself a favor and do not scroll...
Thanks now I’m insecure again
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.
Sorry pal, it’s actually one of my least favorites :/
That's a very interesting theory and it makes sense. How does it gel with the fact that we clearly know the timeline changed?
Humm, just a few days after I unsubbed. You aren't luring me back again though r/Murderedbywords !
You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.
Good puppy!
Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)
I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable
[NAME] definitely needs to be on the left side he has such a great shot that he's perfect as a [NAME] type player on the powerplay.
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
He's been amazing tonight
what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.
Sucks that [NAME] was a straight positive in important minutes and hasn’t seen the floor since..
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them
Gahs that’s so sweet
I had [NAME] from this post. And that's whats important.
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat
Are you saying that's why they went with [NAME]? That's racist
Whew! I’m glad [NAME] was caught. I hope you’ll never have to deal with her again.
2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.
Thought I was...it boomeranged on me and I am suffering immeasurably right now. Thanks and I hope your day was good.
i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎
Thanks for making me laugh my way into a sinus headache.
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross
This is still one of my favorite photos.
You make less than zero sense.
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?
Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta. 
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.
Yeah it was a fun game. :D
Lol at illegals paying taxes. Most do not pay any or pay very little.
You want to fix them. You can’t. This was a hard life lesson for me to learn. I also am a giant loser magnet.
"LOL ""making"" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds"
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].
Do your own research. It’s not my job to educate you.
"Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the ""I have to send a check to the government!"" BS. "
Ya well if I have a daughter I hope my husband doesn’t have these excessively weirdo and aberrant aspirations for her. Smh
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone
Oh yeah I saw that trailer before Aquaman
Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those
Haha. Hope you get it sorted out. What a pain.
Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.
Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!
I got your back. I love you ❤️
Haha i have a depression playlist 3 years in the making. Love gorrilaz and rip x.
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.
FEAR THE TURTLE
He's just getting kicks from pushing buttons. Keep fighting and never give up. It will get better eventually.
oh, okay
I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.
You're brilliant.
Huh, interesting. Thanks!
No it really is there maybe you suck at google
Cant you just say no when it doesnt feel right? Sleeping in same bed can help heal...after the initial shock is passed.
I was never a huge fan of her, but if they replaced [NAME] with her that would be the best thing to ever happen to this show.
I had to give up college 2 times because of that. Now im doing kinda better, at least i can go to classes and talk to people.
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.
This is great! My SO just groaned so much at this. Thank you
You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy
I like you. Hi.
My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.
Sooo good!
Still going to keep praying and praying.
Weird! Also in Winnipeg, no issues. Do you have a VPN?
Just hit my 3pl8 squat, been looking forward to this for a long time so really happy I finally got it! Now on to 4
I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em
As far as i can say, my precious arm came back to me hahahaha I'll be sure to tell about my progress, too! Till next time!
If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!
thanks for the link, tested here too as INTJ
I admire the prep and just hope the other guy is ok. Best one in ages..
def a great thing to do (and to showcase for a storyline)
Enjoy the ahuahuasca
That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!
Sydney is not for you
Happy New year! 🤗
Don’t kink shame me!
I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.
I meant from when I was a kid and teen. Sorry.
Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.
Oh. Great
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.
LMFAO wtf that's great
Preach my dude I know how it feels to get downvoted by the sheep
Wow, AP. Just wow.
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏
The funny/awful part is how well [NAME] works photoshopped in.
It almost looks like stuff from Japanese Pizza Huts !!
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!
As long as [NAME] isn’t a judge again, we can be optimistic
Hahaha, FUCK
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected
I’m excited AF. First holiday in four years. Totally cannot afford it but that’s future [NAME] problem.
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not ""happy rich and all that people say this brings"""
I'm sure you do lmfao...
as someone who dealt with a burn out/mental break down 4 years ago, /s/ this post makes me feel very optimistic about the future /s/
That was so disgusting. VWP
trashy comment.
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.
😡this was a scam
I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].
That’s not cool
I like how she spins away it's too late.
So cute!
Same philosophy makes women stay with men who beat them daily
I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.
This is actually awesome.
That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s
Oh hey, it is!
Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.
Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal! 
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.
TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. 
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.
My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.
Well someone should stop them!
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.
I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪
I'm so jealous of people who have natural red hair. I think it's so unique and pretty.
Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.
I like your version more, anyways. Better comedic relief from such a horribe tragedy.
You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up
Thanks! I'm so keen :)
I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.
I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.
This entire discussion is very unnecessary
It was never implied as such. You simply mistakenly interpreted it that way.
Thanks for sharing. They also have an Amazon wishlist (linked from the comfortcases page) as another way to donate!
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.
Good to know, and it gladdens my heart to hear you're all right! <3 
You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh 
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.
Ahh they're awesome aren't they?!
congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.
"It's hilarious that he thought you were a woman when you literally have ""man"" in your username. "
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this
Everyone’s a god damned critic. Try doing five minutes of stand up and see if you don’t end up on this sub.
I don’t think this fits the sub
Good question. Have seen him quite a bit. I love his coverage.
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!
If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.
Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!
Why was the discrimination and ghettoization of [NAME] prior to their extermination legal? Because legislators sometimes don't care for morality.
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.
[NAME] damn, I love astrology despite being the dryest, most scientific person on Earth... Amber the taurus made me lol.
Where's her british accent? lol I love to dislike her videos <3
Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better
Consider yourself one of the lucky ones. A. no attorney fees B. safe to say you’re dodging a bullet.
Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.
The greater good
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.
No, but now I will
I just wanted to play arcade games together.
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games
Oh wow, that's interesting! Genesis is a pretty interesting take on the luxury car market, hope the brand succeeds!
It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him
They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.
Um congratulations on being a housewife .. Lol?
Good things take time.
Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.
[NAME] is super happy. Nice.
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.
Wow your metaphor is way better than the similar one I just wrote elsewhere in this thread. I'm going to have to steal it.
The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.
This is terrifying
Thank you! I didn't realize that.
It's time to cultivate some mass.
Doubt that, too good to be true
You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.
Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.
His entire speech during the climb was amazing.
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically
I hate that I was young enough to not remember this but old enough to remember the next Super Bowl....
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.
Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!
Twenty some years ago, while I was pregnant with my son, TLC aired shows like A Baby's Life. Oh, the old days...
I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.
Glad it had a positive impact on you. Welcome to the club!
I trust my girlfriend enough where I know she won't do anything of the sort
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
I am glad that you’re doing well, it’s a difficult process but incredibly rewarding, I imagine. Best of luck on your journey! 
[NAME] because hes best survivor
How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there
That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.
Gold Coast seems like it would go well on paper, but turn up to the actual thing and seems strangely disappointing would be good to tell friends about though
I'm so hyped to see this mitchy and matthews line
I don't have a problem with it if its a cheese or charcuterie board
Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere
I like [NAME] :(
I'm going to steal this and pretend I came up with it so I downvoted it so no one will know(just kidding)
Shhhh it's ok
YES EXACTLY THANK YOU ...if only more lower and middle income voters understood this.
If we just got rid of capitalism, everything would be great! 
Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.
Thankyou! :)
Just save and reload. I doubt that when you reload you gonna stuck again.
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.
I'm already a member :[NAME] Already posted it there too.
What’s the backup lol?
Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.
I thought so too, glad I asked.
Tell me about it. Talk about evil icecream haha
So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth
Well this has been interesting
What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*
Not even slightly.
That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.
Always happy to help
Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow 
Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.
This is a great detailed response. Thanks.
Hopefully [NAME] falls to 6. [NAME] can start the season and when the time is right move on over to the rookie
My prince!
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said ""He's the best option for attorney general right now"""
Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble
I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions. 
One time at the moment, but I did feel so full of energy after.
Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.
This is being said about every fucking update that lowers the skillgap. Yes, it does change the game because we're already affected
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.
Of course there are a lot of people who think feminism and diversity are bad.
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.
Thanks for the warning, I'll probably look into it anyway, but I appreciate you telling me that!
I think it's pretty obvious given the significance of how relabeling sugars has been handled.
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her
Great defensive hustle! Good job by [NAME] and [NAME]!
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed. 
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise
Tbh I think it’s hilarious and love it.
At least it's ok in public & around children.
You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.
Lol this ockanikin! I used to love coming here for summer camp when I was in cub/Boy Scouts!
She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.
Dang this is awesome
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.
Because it was smh lol
Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?
Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.
Whatever that means.
Thank you. You’ve given me a beam of hope
Less chance of complications and easier to get pregnant in your 20s. Assuming you are mature enough and prepared financially the younger the better!
I am sorry human being :(
Yeah, just wanted to do it myself. Not gonna though, after the concerted demoralization from commenters. 
It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.
very confident !!!!
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media. 
That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.
Really bad trap if noone falls for it
Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly
"They're not ""likes"" you fucking moron."
I would smash both
"I can't stop staring at ""[NAME]"". "
Another senseless tragedy.
I agree. There's no denying he's handled it pretty badly, though.
I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them
Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.
Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.
The super bowl isnt played in march my man
Sushi is Japanese
You can see the regret in the eyes
Everything purdue throws up goes in. Frustrating. Need to find a way to get stops or this ones over at halftime
Yes. Source: still getting paid.
Shhh bb it'll be ok
[NAME] somehow guides Killie to both 2nd and 3rd place, this frees up an extra relegation spot and Hamilton are finally flushed. 
this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol
He’s something of a genius himself.
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.
Still annoying.
Yeah, fat does that.
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.
When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.
Congrats man! Which troop are you on?
Thank [NAME] for spoilers because if I didn't know any better I would be having a crisis over this Trinity performance for the next week.
i love it
No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community. 
Omg thank you for this Lol and the answer is obvious for [NAME], release Malicious Zangief who can teleport SPD and scowls really REALLY hard.
Oh look another shit call
As long as you do the cooking by the book 😏
You're a mean person.
you're [NAME]
Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.
oh of course they were playing as nix
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.
One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.
This really is next level
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!
Glad your a Liberal supporter.
What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.
[NAME], they've turned into jerks.
Thanks! Oh my god, what a great interview. The man absolutely loves Winnipeg.
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...
It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...
Enchanted - [NAME]😍
Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).
Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.
Ahhh, that was actually really peaceful and cathartic. 
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
His mom was a handsome woman!
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is ""Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"""
And someone downvoted you for that smh
I will kill you all
This would be huge!
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!
"Hence I used ""weird"". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up."
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff
Thanks for sharing :)
When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.
Interesting, I’ll have to try it someday 
I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol
Super cool to see
Beautiful song and great moment in the story
That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback
>You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. 
Thanks! Definite props to him because he was pulling a double shift when we were at the capacity of campers.
He was horrible
"Search the subreddit for ""team history."" We get this question time to time and there's already a bunch of info there."
That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.
I checked there but thank you!
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.
Hostile ? I disagree.
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.
although he is best girl, he can never love :( he litterally doesn't have a heart
Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME]
Glad to see those refs from the Rams/Saints game landed new jobs in WWE.
I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!
I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it 
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.
It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a
Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.
I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.
This is super old news
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.
This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.
surprised he hasn’t mentioned [NAME] after saying [NAME] the best manager/coach he’s ever worked with
It really do
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.
I'm happy for you and myself.
Ending a relationship with a toxic person is so freeing. Congratulations!
That is brilliant.
It has to get better. Hang in there!
This is the sweetest.
Hopefully you're ok now & doing some good stuff
My life is complete
Good job on 112 bro
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore
Smh people aren’t seeing the real issue though. That’s the woman’s bathroom. ‍♂️
Sad because you don't get any women?
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.
I’m seeing a doctor tomorrow. Thanks for caring
That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.
The problem with crypto is typically when people have a bad feeling about something it rarely turns out well
No one is going to create more competition for themselves
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.
Detroit can be interesting...
It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3
Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real
Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.
What a fresh and unique criticism!
OMG this sub is gonna be my saving grace for the rest of the year. Thank you so much!!
[NAME] does more than [NAME] so I'll have do disagree about that
Didnt even know that was a thing.. yeah well ill probably never be a public figure so it doesnt really matter i guess lol
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.
Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.
The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th
Good job now here have an upvote
Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious. 
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.
Players like this makes me rage quit tbh.
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply. 
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you
That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.
Well that's because you're close-minded. But meh. I don't need your respect. ;)
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.
That’s dope nice job
This is honestly amazing.
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs
You did so good for yourself though! If you had the mother you deserve she would have the sense to be proud of you. :)
I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.
If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety
Crash is probably my favorite specialist in this game, you get extra ammo, extra points and occasionally 50hp more from tak-5.
You will need power by it for the bolt to the level where you want to cut a bit easier to avoid getting it on the box!
"""This is just unprofessional"" lol"
Hey, good to see ya here!
I’d say every of those subreddits are freaking out but it’s basically the same people lol
"Safeco had these chocolate covered ""fruit kabobs"" that were damn good. "
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...
Never again lol
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
Agreed. I don't know what the middle ground is, but it's somewhere between neglect through inaction and traumatic physical overreaction. 
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.
You're not my real mom. I don't have to listen to you. Just because my dad loves you doesn't mean that I have to!
You are awesome, i envy you
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.
Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.
She was probably suspended to protect her from the angry mobs protesting outside the school edit: here's a better article
Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.
I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.
"Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into ""My Profile"" "
As I mentioned above I don't have the funds for that right now but as soon as I do I'll definitely be doing that
Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.
she looks so happy and well rested
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL
Sweet mother sweet mother
Stay busy with good things, hang in there. Just take it 24 hours at a time. You got this,
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020 
[NAME] was horrid for us
I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing
I'm loving the blocked shots from rust, what a stud 
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true
Lol well now you have even more in common! So happy to help and hope you can smile a bit before you zzzzzzz. :-)
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc
Haha penis.
you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest
Nice job on those renders, they look great
You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.
[NAME] playing for the heat always makes me laugh
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
I think it quite apparent I was being satirical in saying Mississippi.
Happy New Year everyone!
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll
I like my coons too
The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.
It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.
Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.
You are retarded
Unrelated but wow I’m so proud that I can read like 70-80 percent of this because I studied Chinese for 3 years. 加油！在中国你做什么？
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks
Love you too
I just drank some chocolate milk, now I'm a 9/10 supermodel with a great husband and my own island in a tropical location. Thanks! /s
She shows her face and doesn't hide behind fake names on Reddit .
"FS haha you are some guy. >""Not even the [NAME]"" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)"
I swear Denver has the worst sports media personalities.
He got all ball. Watch it back. Just because he hits the ground hard doesn’t mean you get a bailout
I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.
Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.
That’s gotta hurt.
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.
THANK YOU! I'm back on planet Earth
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg
Race idealists are ridiculous.
Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.
Me and my babyboys safety word is Obama. But I like yours too.
No problem. It will seem impossible at first but just keep your cool! Best of luck
I <3 your application of facts.
You are valued and appreciated
Come to Nashville. Love to help with that problem.
Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
"The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of ""getting fooled"" by getting the car inspected by an independent."
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...
Thanks for the clarity.
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.
Diacetyl, which is actually in higher amounts in cigarettes themselves, and even cigs havent caused popcorn lung lol
I would do this job for free! /s
Get out asap.
What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.
If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird
Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza
Everyone is born an atheist. Some gets afflicted with religion usually via their parents.
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.
Its the same processus for LoL isn't it ? Haven't played lol for a long time but i remember using golds to unlock characters too !
I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.
It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.
Again.. lolz.
You're right, I should stop being so worried about other people. Family is forever.
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals
>This is proven if you ever played NBA 2K. Lmfaoooooo
😂 MIL would never have the self awareness to understand the double meaning but I think it's hilarious
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.
Broken. Good and grtting better.
oh no
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.
That must smell so good. Oh i want some now.
Wow thanks I never knew! I might try to take a tour!
"""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.
The bonus video you linked is absolutely adorable!
This is so cruel. I literally feel physically sick.
I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.
Yep, just PC this time, sorry
Hate people like this
Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.
How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.
Love the post bro. Gave me a lot of ideas.
What an awful last 10 minutes. Can't even make one pass to someone.
Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.
Keep going sgtsoyboy... we are turning the corner this year and I will personally enjoy bashing another Superbowl-less season for the qweefs this offseason.
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.
Damn, 14 year olds in 2019 are bigger shits than I was when I was 14.
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.
[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick
[NAME] strange dreams. one life is enough
It's good to know that I'm not the only one lol
Keep on auto aiming bud. One day you'll get good maybe haha.
That is by far too strong of a passive
There's not enough salt in the world for her!
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???
It did have an awesome geocache lol
I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.
Those ears...those horrible ears
That better the case. It'll take the sting away a bit.
You're too ugly to even bully
Good [NAME], you are right.
"Lol I saw a comment on this article that said ""but who released the measles germs into the public? 🤔"""
I love my state sometimes
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one 
This better be a troll because if not, you are the most obnoxious, self centered, asinine person on this face of this planet.
7-3 is the best thing I've ever done with my life
Lol imagine googling “whore” to jack off
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us 
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. 
Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.
I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.
hhhh, lol 
Thanks for reply, I'll enjoy reading through the comments... maybe you make a book of it all. 
Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.
Best FHE lesson idea ever.
What a great response!!
I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)
At least he had some good cushioning.
What in the bipolar hell is going on? Yikes
Sorry about that. I hope the fix is more appropriate. Thank you!
Playing hard to get
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer 
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.
YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.
Annoyed by the people refusing**
"Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only ""humans have the best endurance"""
Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.
They were and will always be the best couple in the show. Team Slexie for life!
My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?
Wow, way to deflate Endgame's stakes *even more* before the movie even comes out.
Clapping ~~for~~ at me. FTFY
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.
Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. 
No way, that was brilliant!
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.
This is the most reasonable and logical response on here.
They really need to bring [NAME] son back to do more flashback scenes of young [NAME]. That would be SO GOOD
Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!
Beautiful. I love ecclesiastical architecture.
Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.
And you're a lame, sorry not sorry 
Sidhu Moose Wala. He's pretty big right now
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing
We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents 
Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.
America is cool
They're all so cute~ Here's mine
I know, all the comments have me cracking up.
Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.
thank you for this, i feel less alone now. i’m glad you overshare on this stupid website :)
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice 
“You”. Netflix. Thank me later. Hang in there <3
I see that the facebook and twitter crowd is leaking into our sub. Awesome.
I’m pretty sure your thinking of [NAME], although I could be wrong
But you do know it, so that's good
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.
I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛
And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless. 
This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it
I love life, happy new year boys!
I guess we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.
They are, but they're rarer than winning the lottery on Christmas. That looks so shiny.
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.
Same except I also love the taste and meal options of meat. I could never do the veggie thing.
The mods deleted it I'm sorry
In an unfunny situation you made me laugh, so thanks 😅
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.
Obviously has played on her mind for that long... glad she apologised
[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.
Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”
Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.
Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month
I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark. 
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
"Must be sad that you waste your time idolizing ""Pros"" and being a absolute poser in front of your freinds "
I was just watching the episode last night. So adorable.
How poignant.
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...
Great! Thanks for the ideas
Oh lord that's nasty. Guess I'm getting some fried chicken tonight.
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.
This is love <3
I remember being 4 and so excited to help pair the socks after they were dried. Kids love being involved.
I think its safe to assume that we're clearly referring to the article and topic at hand.
This isn't cringe at all. He's making a joke.
Good. You know which ones you want keep your kids away from
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.
This literally made my day!
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.
I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]
What a useless tool.
I agree. Girls digg when you take the lead on this, Just be upfront.
I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.
I'm so glad you're annoyed.
Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!
Very true thank you for the insight, this does help as I need to remind myself this is a new relationship and part of our reconciliation.
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.
I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)
Wait, apple and [NAME]? Please tell me these fools are all on windows phones 
This would be epic.
This is a new complaint I haven't seen before... I like it.
Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.
Me too. It’s my favorite. His cadence in saying it is so perfect lol.
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!
For 3 months so far. I’m not sure because I never had any successful withdrawals yet.
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.
Thankyou for correcting me.
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! ""Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."" End of conversation."
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.
This is fucking hilarious
Donteee blowee my coveree lmao I actually like how she talks
"""I will not return to those wretched mines!"""
I love this sub
Very interesting documentary, just shows how devastating one punch can be.
Agreed haha.
Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.
Damn, that's low. 
There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.
Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today. 
Just don’t feel bad. It’s their fault for taking it personally
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.
Thank you deeply for these words!
If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit
So... I guess I'm the only one who thought she looked so much nicer after that trip to the salon?
Wow, pretty transphobic to say prostate owners have a penis and non-prostate owners have a vagina. What about the neovagina and front-hole bearers? /s
[NAME] bless that batch tagger extension
Mr [NAME] is operater as fuck
I feel the same man. Keep going bro!
There are millions and millions of girls in the world. You will find someone better, trust me
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅
That wasn’t part of my plan
I’ve never heard him say it but I wouldn’t be surprised if he did. It’s believable enough
I don't see much reason for it even as a 2nd.
It's amazingly fun even after all these years. Aged terribly graphics-wise though.
I'll show some love for diazepam! Congratulations on the re up and let me Know if they are
My favorite parody in fact.
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.
This is funny though.
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason. 
I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!
"I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a ""service line"""
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win 
I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.
Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you! 
Deflections don't help your cause.
Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)
Nope. Not how things are done around here.
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme
That sounds like a legitimate reason. However she still gave herself a reason to say [NAME] constantly...
A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario 
Yeah no.
Hey, thank you, I hope your issue has resolved also :)
Anyone who needs to get off, please use the Ashton Taper. Message for support, I’m here. 
Yes please go get tested even if you don’t have any symptoms.
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language 
Carmichael is near the bottom? Find that hard to believe. [NAME] just under McDaniels? Words cannot accurately describe how inaccurate that is.
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.
I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.
Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together
Thanks, that makes a lot of sense. I feel better already :)
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.
Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas
Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned
Maybe slw the fuck down eh
That's when you slow down and engage troll mode :))
My brah, [NAME] on the line up! Fuck yeah!
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.
These 2 are repulsive little kids
I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing
lol INTJs may be less smart sometimes (definitely not always) but they know how to actually use their intelligence
I'm totally cool with that too, whats the PSN?
As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.
Calm down. It's a real concept.
Yes, this at least makes sense. 
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.
I love this game already
This is amazing!! I love it!
We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.
Need chemicals. Love it.
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was
Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.
School Board Trustees are leeches of the system in any district. It's the most unnecessary position that does nothing more than continuous damage.
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.
The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.
Could be worse, could be funky town
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.
O no shes gonna go after mandy
Keep on going
Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k
Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.
Whoa this is really creepy
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!
Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry. 
Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.
Is that you? I love it.
Damn... somebody got told.
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day
You’re hardly qualified to talk.
I love the neck movement at the end 😂
Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on 
She looked the wrong way on a one way street. How are you that stupid.
Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!
This is what I'm currently dealing with and I'm glad I read this. Nice reminder thank you lol.
thanks man.
Sure. The subject of her video was certainly creepy and obnoxious.
This is one of the worst written posts I've seen on this sub for a while
Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll
Oh no I was laughing at that master trolling. that's like 20 years of buildup
[NAME] was far from an assassin. She had one amazing performance but that was it.
Your mental health matters the most. You can't help him more than you do, but you can help yourself. 
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.
Celeste is one of the free Games with Gold this month on Xbox One, I picked it up, it's a great (super hard) platformer
Awesome! Just got to see this sunrise from the air flying to SEA this morning :)
It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.
That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach
... Still laughed!
Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.
I’m hoping! She wasn’t bad at all in this episode!
Just change in the stall. I used to do it. No one will say anything to you about it it's normal
Thank you so much! After the *loooooong* talk we had, I feel a lot better about our marriage.
"He looks like he is GTFO after that. ""The tiger shark is second only to the great white in recorded fatal attacks on humans.[7]"" "
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.
I try and test my beliefs all the time, makes them stronger!
My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.
Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.
May i have joke I can't find it
Great info. Thx
This doesn’t sound very constructive so I’m going to move along but thanks for taking the time to respond.
His interviews are so awkward
I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛
Twice in that article he implies these minority communities aren't ordinary [NAME]. It's disgusting.
Stupid Sexy [NAME]
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.
lol Remember Faces of Atheism?
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.
Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse
Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.
Yes! I love her laugh so much
You don't look at accidents on the road? Yeah, I don't believe you.
YES YOU SHOULD, although it's only in 2300. Surrounding communes get expensive quickly.
I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)
Thanks for confirming ☺!
Thanks,keep us posted if you will please.
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.
Me . Switched to badminton meantime.
Exactly. Nothing but a burden at first, but our boy knows how to fight now.
This is brilliant
I'm good. Happy with my boyfriend.
Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.
This was going on for like half an hour. He was drunk and causing trouble, so the tram drivers warned each other not to let him up.
that looks like a nightmare.
Might get in trouble with the mother for assuming she's single though. This has happened to me when using miss.
Glad that's settled
I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!
This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.
Hey thanks!
It's on sight between them.
Could not agree more!!
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.
That’s beyond disgusting in every way.
That’s not the period it’s referring to
Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.
[NAME] sure saved that one from swirling down the toilet. Thank you [NAME].
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!
That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.
She had the glory of being a virgin martyr. Eternal glory is hers.
I'm still rocking my Pebble 2SE.
I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤
It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha
Really seemed like a great guy :(
Thats pretty lewd.
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future
Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?
I love [NAME]
None that's why I asked. Glad to see your doing something and not just wishing or whining as that wont make it happen
Less expensive than chain-link. Needs warning signs, though, and be within his property line.
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is. 
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.
Day 2 Feels good, man!
True despair.
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.
No questions are ever stupid. Glad you learned to be a nice person.
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.
This looks more like 1954.
Oh yes! Here's an Imgur link to the first three I saw.
Thanks for the suggestion, I’ll definitely have to hit that up once it gets a little warmer!
Get one. I love mine.
Thanks, I posted a new one with the source 
What does IANAL mean? Thanks!
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.
Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man
Go cry somewhere else please.
All the best to you in 2019! I hope whatever lies next for you is rewarding. :)
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore
My day gets better every time a poser is exposed, so thank you. Think of your own content and people will respect you more.
It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future
Two problems: It's not a newsworthy story. You'd get sued for defamation.
Thanks for the laugh lol
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community
Block her.
i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.
Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.
Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!
Yes get [NAME] almost all the way the fuck out of here.
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !
(F) Actor here as well, also willing to learn anything and everything involving film!
"""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"""
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!
Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.
why thank you!
Get rid. This is a toxic relationship that is making you unhappy. You are making all efforts for nothing in return.
I was hoping for a new album surprise came out of nowhere when i saw the notification.
[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver
i hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^
This, this is brilliant
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.
Sending you love ❤️
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.
Fucking refs suck my balls.
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander
Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.
I like it
But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs. 
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk. 
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)
That's honestly what I thought too!!
What an obnoxious, drunk girl. 
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....
Haha, I wish, but not happening
Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy. 
Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.
No that's your interpretation of the truth. A whore is an old and demeaning term for a professional sex worker. You just get off on being degrading to women.
As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.
This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.
Sold out. Sorry my dude!
Yes of course and I catch a lot of it. I just didn’t realize this was about that!
But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.
I will never forgive and never forget for this one
You’re dehydrated and exausted, drink lots of water and maybe get some sleep. You’ll feel better eventually.
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons
That’s bull crap call.
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;)
So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side! 
Why do I seem to hit 6/7, and can't go any deeper without throwing up. I wanna see and feel more shit FML lol.
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.
Literally awesome that someone else is doing the same thing! Funny thing is I go for two a year also. Heck yeah fellow dodger friend
Luv ya too buddy 😝
Great tips thank you!
"As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: ""Make the impossible possible"""
Oh really. Go ahead and try to reason with an [RELIGION] government that their power should be limited. Good luck.
You’ll know it’s true love when he proposals you after 5 days.
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.
This is so sad. #playdespacito
Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think I’m going to stick with her 
Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!
There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.
I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .
Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.
That's not really a solid method.
Just hanging out at UQ St Lucia is pretty cool.
Miss you...
Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?
Iv done it before.
[NAME] is amazing how dare you
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek
I just want to say once you take action, stay safe!! Good luck. It’s the best to leave. 
Can't wait
We got Munchak guys!
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.
Genius. I'm so doing this
I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.
Welcome to the party, pal!
Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.
[NAME] sent her! She had to thank him publicly for this outlay!!!
I remember going to the US for the first time as a kid and being utterly fascinated by the cycle of lawyer/prescription drug commercials
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.
Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM
I'm at a fighting game tournament and loving every minute of it.
What the FRICK
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video
Hang in there, we're here for you. I hope you get through this.
I totally would tbh. He's a very handsome man.
Thanks, man!
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.
Okay that was funny lol
i love this
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.
Welcome. By the way, so hyped for our game in September. DKR is gonna be rockin!
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!
ESPN and sports is not a good combination.
Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.
I hope that's real lol
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....
Omg I thought he was actually fired lol. Got excited ! I still approve tho
A girl has grown up a lot since she was a 12 year old on the show, and she's grown up to be so beautiful as well.
"I agree, but people always respond with ""muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"""
Thanks, but to my mind, I had no choice. My marriage is everything to me. 
Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)
That face too. Everything was perfect.
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent
I FUCKING WIN
came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]
"""Yeah but they're not violating *my* rights so it's okay"""
Sounds sweet man, nice memory to have!
Nah axe is ok
Thank you! It really means a lot to me
##EVEN IF YOU DONT WANT TO WATCH IT, GO TO 40:20 AND WATCH FOR 20 SECONDS, I SWEAR TO FUCKING [NAME] YOU WILL LOVE IT
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.
Still pretty embarrasing though :p
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.
She should be FIRED
YES!!!!
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.
Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers... I never saw the movie, myself. I thought it looked pretty stupid.
Isn’t banning people for their point of view against the whole fucking concept
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s
This is the word or at least Attitude of King. No problems man.. and have a poor grasp of the statement honestly.
Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water. 
He has a youtube: Great watch.
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.
STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!
Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game
She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.
I'm so drunk I cheereds a bot as if it was OP LOL
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game
Haha! Toronto, the hotbed of conservatism.
I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.
Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube
And a happy holiday to you.
Really hoping this is a smokescreen and we just go BPA then take Fromm next year
good point, hadn't thought of that, thanks
I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol
"I hope he runs so he can lose decisively and we can get rid of this ""should have been him"" crap"
Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!
I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol
Their Core album is. Literally the 1st genre listed on Wikipedia is grunge lol
damn thats good
This is hilarious! Please share if she tells us what she thinks the difference is.
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. 
I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.
Oh wow. Gotta visit it one day.
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.
That's not what I've heard ;)
Thank you for an informative answer
I'll do these changes. Thanks!
Can’t hold this against Tennessee. [NAME] just won’t miss. I’m impressed that Tennessee has stayed in it.
this is my worst fear
[NAME] eyebrows! Her highlight!
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her. 
I would watch just to hear [NAME] talk about how great he is at pinball.
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.
They are the best but my office is so far away 😞
Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!
Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.
Obvious satire lol
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.
I love her
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.
Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.
Lol still makes me laugh
Yeah, it is for the organizers
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.
I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!
This is adorable.
Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.
Outstanding, really outstanding. I can't wait for her visit to the United States.
[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.
oh damn that’s a pretty good idea!! thanks!! :)
If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.
Fuck yeah dude. I need pizza now also. The beer and bourbon are flowing nicely. Cheers and happy New year
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?
don’t you do it!!
Thank you, I have received help already. 
thank you for the laugh
I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say 
Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.
I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.
Thanks for the info
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.
Thanks for looking out. Trying to keep expectations low but already have date two planned! Fingers crossed.
[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. 
Thanks for the sharing your information.
Please just give [NAME] some rest. He looks tired.
Something tells me no!! Lol.
You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here. 
Thank you for your concern fellow conservative
Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule
As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.
Holy hell I hate them so much.
Lol, good luck with that, kid.
That was a hell of a tip, that happens
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)
But what about teams like the cavs? They are clearly a terrible terrible team, but they gotta wait longer to rebuild with a 3 year average.
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.
Please don’t marry this man-child.
Removed, stop trolling.
Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.
Thanks for reminding me of her response video, that was gold
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.
Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.
Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience
Horrible how they just invade your space anytime any place.
This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par. 
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.
Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol
Don't worry if you're from hot, we can share my slice (:
Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing. 
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !
And the super rich are still miserable
But I'm not happy
Good job [NAME]!
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted. 
Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!
I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!
I don't believe it is. like other posters have said, you can do better. I know it's hard but you are strong. 
I think the hulk could do all of that at once, and fold the wrench with his finger tips
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up ""kidding"" in the dictionary.)"
Did you watch highlights of [NAME] vs [NAME]? [NAME] had amazing highlights but he isn’t the one competing for the Hart trophy now.
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!
I propose Istanbul. I don't think it's dull, I find it incredibly appropriate and amusing.
Wildlife Ecology! Really gives you a better perspective on how natural systems work
Good trade yesterday and happy with the front office, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone 
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.
As the global wealth concentrates into fewer and fewer hands, I for one, welcome our neo-feudalist world order. 
lol [NAME].
Thanks for the share!
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?
Theyre paid with taxes..... Do you think you're arguing against an anarchist? lol
I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha
Misread. I’m with you my dude.
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..
This idea is brilliant.
Well hes asking is it possible and the answer is that it is possible to be honest.
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.
This can be taken horribly out of context
It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.
That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.
"I'm a bit late. What's the ""AAAAAH FUCKING WATER"" reference?"
Search your feelings, you know it to be true
I have so much to think about
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.
Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?
The books are pretty cool. They even get into the nerdier science side of being able to teleport.
This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.
It’s because their pay sucks. You get what you pay for! Edit: grammar MoFo!
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.
"I always say ""Good Luck!"" ""Well Played"" after winning/losing match."
Thanks! Very cool. It was a marriage gift, so that explains some of it. :)
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.
damn, congratulation 🤣
it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it
Can't. Prequel bad. Bearded [NAME] Man idea bad. OT era only good thing.
IMO, he was an asshat during the tell all, too. He was all about wanting [NAME] to thank and respect him post C section.
Drugs are a hell of a drug...
Love you, [NAME]
Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.
Haha, willing to sacrifice eternal paradise for a taco. I'd make that trade, straight across..at least the taco is real ='D
Thanks for not answering my question. :)
"The only ""pro choice"" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style"
He drinks all coffee with cream. We already know he’s not above disgusting liquids.
Well done! That's usually the hardest part is to start going and I hope it helps!
The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.
Welcome back to H town!
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...
Shaun Of The Dead is way more comedy than horror, good laughs.
Thank you :)
She said that? Wtf?? That's fucked up. I shouldn't be surprised. Hypocrisy is common with this bunch.
This is my favorite picture in this sub
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy
Love the beauty of nature.
no problem!!! :) have a great day, thanks for taking the time to comment
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty
The surprise would be that we just broke a 16 year old record...
They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.
Get help.
Go spidey go!!
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.
Ah, interesting. I couldn't find a translation like that. My French is very basic though so it might be right!
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in. 
>Ordinary Men by [NAME] Thanks for the recommendation. Got it ordered on kindle from Amazon.
I missed this. Wow that is a travesty
Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.
Glad we agree.
I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!
what a cute outfit omg
> Is it weird to have more sympathy for animals than humans? It's frighteningly common, so not *weird*, but it's definitely sad
I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.
lol back in the day before the rise of BitTorrent, Russian ISPs used to run DC (DirectConnect) hubs
I agree about that hill and visibility. Why they put that Starbucks in a poorly accessed place is beyond me.
That's awesome
Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?
If [NAME] is his idol, then we got ourselves a boi with a winner’s mentality 
Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself
That dog actually looks flatter too.
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)
not my kid, not my problem. Best comeback ever xD
The bus loop was never going to entice families to transfer their kids to city schools. Is it great for kids already there? Yes.
[NAME] frenzy it's a joke
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry
Thanks for admitting your a slob
Thanks man! That feels good to hear. I’m glad someone is on my side and finally understanding how I feel about this season.😄👍
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!
Good luck.
Lol i love this person
it depends on the page you moron.
I'm not crying YOU are crying!!
Exactly why I’m saying we won’t land KD ... but Knicks fans do know a lot about dreaming.
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit
Thanks for the clarification
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.
I know it's 40C over here lol
For serial rapists, its not about the physical pleasure. Its all head games. Damn freaks
Amazing. Idk how to keep the house clean. It is impossible to manage laundry.
I feel for him..thank [NAME] he has a mother who cares
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.
Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.
I’ll agree with you on that, I think it would fit well on someone’s forearm! 
Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.
I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer
The 100,000 who died in the Tokyo bombing during WWII weren't killed by [NAME], it was just the passive spreading of fire. Fuck off, genocide apologist. 
No worries. Have a nice day.
Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie 
Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well
Holiday getting abused as usual
That was painful to read.
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken. 
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home
He’s too old for [NAME]
I appreciate everyone on this sub
That's my favorite type of plane.
Well good for you man. Enjoy :)
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...
Whichever was toxic first, easy. This is why we ONLY camp when one of them is toxic first.
Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...
Be thankful.
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes. 
I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.
She has major SB😖
It had its flaws but I thought it was enjoyably campy and a fun ride.
Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.
As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.
Having two world class GKs is amazing lol
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.
So beautiful 💕
This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy. 
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
I have a headache from watching that
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...
Yeah it's a weird thing people do
I laughed so hard at this. 🤣
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.
Honestly this type of support sounds very shallow. It’s not like you’re gonna support women in any way when their babies are born.
The pats losing is a good thing.
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.
burn the witch!
He sounds like a real piece of work. Get him gone and live your life free of his physical and mental burden.
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.
Same. Ugh
Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
"It's called ""internalised misogyny"" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though."
Another establishment hit-piece against Saint Bernard
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.
"What ""same thing""? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while."
Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward 
But it doesn't matter. You probably have different taste in music than me but it's fine because that's how you feel.
It looks nineteen to me.
Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?
Made me chuckle.
Nkd is a very good brand they have amazing flavors
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called ""religious liberty"" laws, soo...there's that."
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. 
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it
Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D
"That's a funny way of spelling ""Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"""
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol
All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.
Wait, Mario Odyssey? I love that game, but isn't it a little old to be in the top 10?
Cheers mate.
Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.
He also probably hasn't finished school but has seen like, all the [NAME] lectures so he totally already know everything.
That's this whole sub lol
Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack
Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s
Wow, you really need a break. Maybe men just aren't for you.
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.
I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!
Damn right.
I miss big daddy buff
Subscribed! I love it.
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.
Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something
Just stunning my meats
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else
Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful
best joke ever ahahahhahahahahahaha
Haha, then i am in... :)
What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut
Poor and lonely.
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.
They gonna be some big books, don’t you worry. 
Awesome! I'd love to see some if you ever post pics :)
Kudos to you my friend. I'm so glad you are still here with us! <3
Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.
Wow what a fucking autist. Probably more effort into this shit than all people that hate on GS combined.
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.
hahaha. She is stunning though!
He is a moron.
Below Springfield Illinois dweller checking in. Thanks for sharing the ILGuns sub!
[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.
It happened and I'm very happy
Good job. :)
As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this
I'm sure this is only because there's less people there
Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material
It can make me angry - that and hearing my neighbors have sex
I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. 
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you
Thanks for this. I appreciate everyone involved.
Will you ask her to pray to her god and ask him to stop giving kids cancer!
“No, you cannot get better” LOL
its here! nice
look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view
No thank you.
When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else
Beat my second wife cuz obviously she put the evil eye on my first wife
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(
>arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.
Wow [NAME] is back I hope to see better pain defense when the second unit is out there.
Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.
Thank you! :O
Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot
Great post, glad you had a good time here. Xpost it to r/travel. 
So we ARE paying him, but his 8.7M cap hit won't apply right? We should have pretty good amount of fun money for FA. 
Obviously excluding shotguns..
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...
That’s what I think as well.
Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.
death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.
This was so good I groaned audibly.
"""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam"" yeah, we saw how that went lol "
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the ""wrong"" kinds of men"
Damn, that's the only war we lost. 
Damn I wish there was such a service here.
Much appreciated !
 Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]
Oh, you're *actually in* several of those subs. lol. Ok then.
Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware
you're misinformed
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no. 
I hope he learnt more in his degree than that
Keep practicing until you get real confident
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts
Thanks man!
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look. 
Your wife has beautiful nails!
It would still be like hardcore then, you start a new life but retain nothing from the last
You need medical help.
Really cool art though, well done!
Wow, that's awesome you heard that in the wild.
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.
Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!
Goat sighting!!
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.
That's such a well said last sentence...
I miss the Scottish [NAME].
Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.
Bitch right!
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.
What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]
He did get 3 stars bro😭
What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!
You have an amazing boss. You're so lucky.
We just bought [NAME]. Have faith
This guy has been a lot of fun to watch over the last couple of years. Hope the draft goes well for him.
Please, please, please get help. 
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE
"The fact that this podcast isn't called ""Z-Targeting Dio's Balls"" disappoints me greatly."
I love your honesty. What you wrote expresses fears and questions similar to mine. Thank you so much.
That last sentence pains me
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.
The Republicans are worse though the NRA literally has to pressure Republican congressmen every time gun control gets brought up.
First I was afraid, I was petrified...
Don’t fall for it.
Because you aren't serious. You're just mad because you got told to stop using slurs one too many times.
yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.
Thanks bud!
Crap, crap, mega crap!
I love my Red Wings because they're incredibly stylish and I still feel like I could stomp a mudhole in somebody's ass
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher
I like it, more please. 
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.
I'm sorry man sounds bad
The Dime on Commercial has cheap eats (but expensive drinks) and usually has a good crowd. A bit small but very lively.
Nothin worse that doin the smooth criminal to be able to piss in the toilet
You’re right, I have come across that as well. I have been driving long distances for too long! Congratulations on a shorter drive! 
I see, I can't see it. I'm on mobile. Thank you very much for the info. Have a lovely Wednesday afternoon!
I like [NAME] and I've heard good things about [NAME] (I think his name is).
I want to hug both of them.
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it. 
love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life 
Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.
Congrats and good luck moving forward!
Yea, it's a waste of bullets. 
Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen
Vermont should be beautiful this time of year with all that snow.
Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.
My nuts hurt watching that second part
I like it when a girl's nails are done. Nothing over the top long but I love french tips. Plus they're great for back scratches.
"[NAME]: ""Wait a minute? You're on my list!"" [NAME]: ""What a coincidence, you're on mine too."""
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol
We're are going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*
I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.
Checkout real cool people that I'm sure would love to help you out.
Aww that makes my day too <3
I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too
I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker
Lol no, you said that it isn’t called swinging anymore so I was curious as to what partner swapping was called now.
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.
Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.
Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.
I cant believe we elected this goon
I hope you can be saved one day. Bless you.
Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper. 
I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache
Sorry, I laughed, not at you, but because this is so perfect and so relatable. Hope you're past it or getting past it. 
I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.
Hmm, I understand your frustration then
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>
All I'm seeing here is that you commited a brutal murder.
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury
Omg creepy!
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team
Now we all know someone is going to domesticate these cute fluff butts
I did. Thank you for your opinion.
thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.
What is dutch crunch bread? It sounds delicious!
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.
This is awesome. Makes it feel like a community rather than just a forum.
Grew up together obviously. So if you want to have an alligator friendly family, raise your babies with baby alligators!
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]
right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.
I’m glad you had such a helpful person on the other end during a tough situation, those kinds of people are like angels❤️
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now
we love critical impactful discourse
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.
You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.
I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough
I hope you have a wonderful cake day!
Just read the text of this amendment. I am literally sick to my stomach from reading this. THIS MUST NOT STAND!!
I love the Nets
Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self
"""...one last time for good measure"""
Fuck shit bitch
Don’t tell me what to do.
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league
[NAME] should give him a little tough love
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.
Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...
[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.
You didn't say they were racist channels
It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔
The poor dude.....pray for him.
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP 
That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs
Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.
Yeah that pass
Very nice, man! Love it.
Good luck tomorrow! I had to go back last Wednesday. The only silver lining was that it was a short week.
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.
My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big
You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.
NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol
Better than any HBr, anyway
The man comes around
We don’t like to talk about that
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.
I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down
Nah I get that, it's just AFFIRMATIVE action...unless this went over my head as well lol
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. 
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.
Good news. Good for you buddy. Hope all of us get back our money soon :-)
Ah got it. Marked it sorry!
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.
Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].
I agree 😊
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.
Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.
Wow thanks. Was hoping to see more exact same moon pics for the eleventy millionth time.
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.
Great now my child is crying
The worst is starting out in a new relationship after leaving a failing one. You want to fall but you know how much the breakups hurt
god so good
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.
It's amazing the people here supporting the [RELIGION] church and the child molesters over duterte... I wonder why.
We have a lot of people flying in and out of the country. No change to the usual lines, so not bad at all.
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤
He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.
Who is brainwashing people to believe it's all a social construct ? It's really frightening that it's become so mainstream.
"I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the ""ENTPs"" in this thread."
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy. 
And even worse after 40 years!
Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.
The best timeline
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.
lol I was thinking the same hahah
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.
Good one.
I totally agree and I think this was suggested before as well
Amazing detail with the hot dog in the virgins hand.
Love you (No homo)
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.
Thank you. Yeah it's a nice thought, being sheltered and happy before any worries or drama. It would be nice...
Love the username
I'm great. I am having pho for lunch.
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)
I am honored to be your only comment
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually
It was a screech of delight. I like this hire. Would let to get a good OC now.
I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.
Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.
The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell
Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain
that’s why I asked haha
Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha
[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.
Cuteness!!!!!
It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.
But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé
Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.
Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.
taj with 12 and 5 before the half, great game so far. Hopefully [NAME] can continue his 1st quarter shooting
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.
The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me
Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help
Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !
That is not how that all went down. Good story though.
I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years
Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊
[NAME] get him a glass of water and have him lie down...
This is amazing. Thank you for posting the link.
Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.
At least she's not a dirty little hamster.
Do you happen to know what time and program that was, please? I’d like to see it. Thanks. 
Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.
Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss
That and useful idiots.
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.
I have nothing to say to you.
Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age
I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!
Appreciate the honesty though
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team. 
I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!
I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them 
Yep and what a wonderful land it is. My favorite place in the world Edit: omg everybody so mad 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.
Politics should not be a religion.
Good luck friend.
I am. I will read those threads as soon as I find some time. But I have got some great insight on this threat regardless.
I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing
"""PPG Paints"" arena or whatever it's called now is worse"
Thank you for taking the time to respond.
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!
Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!
LOL, that made me chuckle. Have a good one, [NAME]! 
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems
It's viewed as unfashionable and lower class. Personally I think they feel great. Who gives a shit what other people think?
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.
What kind of dove is he? He is soooo pretty!!
such a deep and powerful tweet
This is the best creepy pasta I have **EVER** read.
lol I’m realizing that now!
How does it actually work? Thanks for the response; aspiring entrepreneur with no knowledge of corporate finance
Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?
Glad your boss backed you up
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.
This sub is filled with bitterness.
Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever
You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.
Yeah, was just very smoky with very burned ribs. I went and got teriyaki to console myself.
You’re gonna be the best dad ever!
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.
Worse than selling your soule
Thanks, we were kinda enjoying it at the time too
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them. 
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.
> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing
Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.
I played a lot of WW2 ranked and had a tone of close games. And the point of ranked is for everyone to be around a 50/50 W/L
[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol
This is amazing thank u so much u saved my life
Weird how they shoehorned s character from an ongoing tv show into Celebrity Big Brothter. Glad they got rid of him after one episode though.
Hahaha perfect.
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot
People who mindlessly defend Turkey and Ergodan are very delusional!
I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.
Love this answer.
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.
America.... I have done goofed!
Brother I desire your honey
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal
it’s great
This is a terrible idea
i like the poster
Stop doing weird things
Aha! Thank you for that.
I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!
I'm so depressed
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.
No. This simply is not the case
Can’t argue with that.
Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.
TB12 is the greatest
Happy cakeday your username is fun
It’s certainly a cute concept.
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.
I thought he was trolling oops
You're an idiot
It's a great article. She nailed it.
Well done sir, well done, lmfao
Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!
So glad they had the clip of the dog getting up at the end. I was super worried.
that's not split pushing. split pushing is literally pushing 2 lanes at once.
That’s what I was thinking too but I didn’t want to just assume lol.
Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?
[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed
She’s a genius! And a goddess. And a queen.
"You know when I typed ""legal tender"" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."
i also love this one
Dude, I think you've just proven my point. 
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3
I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian
Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse
Alright stop.
My [NAME]. I think we have a winner. IT'S. A. REAL. PLACE. Best part
No one does
I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes
[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].
Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet
Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo
Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.
I can’t call anyone Daddy. Not even my Dad. It just feels weird and creepy and I’m not 4.
love cats, dislike the regular news. you?
That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.
Lol okay cool
You got it!
So much for the offensive burst in the first half. Lol.
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand
Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.
sorry it was absolutely not like that
You didn’t change my mind, but that’s actually a very interesting thought “the Skywalkers are the imbalance”.
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
tobaccy is nasty
Is that because it's an accurate description of the politician and he's trying to distract from his guilt?
Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.
Hence the apology note.
[NAME] I hate that I had to upvote this dude to the sub it is in. Every fibre of my being wants to downvote this atrocity
Yay!!!!! You’ve got this!!!!
One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.
hope everything ended up alright, op! 
I love this reply
I can't imagine why anyone would hate this. It's beautiful.
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.
Yay, I hope so! I'm feeling good about this decade.
Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal
Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.
Sounds great! Thanks!
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.
Teen should report him for abuse.
[NAME] I hate this man
THANKS ^(that was close...)
What the hell? Why can't people leave this place alone? They make good pizza. That's it. It's a pizza shop.
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)
we def don’t deserve dog s
I was hoping to hear this. I'm up for it I think. I'll download it tomorrow.
HaHa... Earnin' and Burnin'! Snappin' necks and Cashin' Checks! Cheers, brother!!!
Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.
Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.
Oh cool, the new sign is up :) 
This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.
Dont worry. I'll help you.
Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.
[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.
this team is hard to watch, things that can so easily be fixed to make us great that are just persistent fuck ups and we refuse to fix them
Thank you for the specifics! Really helpful. Glad you’ve found such a good mix for you.
Wow, I didn't know that was happening. Thanks for the information!
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the ""mythology"" that grew up around it. "
This entire post is so wholesome
hahaha [NAME]???
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
Congratulatioins!
you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..
What’s irritates me so much is that rework ideas like this do all the work for ubi, yet they still won’t do it. 
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.
Not an effective solution. Shooter always has first move, taking out an unsuspecting teacher would give a shooter access to better arms.
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics
Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.
It's a decent flick. Id watch it
Don’t be a class traitor
"very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote ""There can be no true despair without hope."""
I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴
FUCK LES BRUNS
I did misread i saw 23-27
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf
Thank you, it's pretty helpful.
soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food
>the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.
Lol. Not everything is about your pet issue but I do appreciate your attempts to frame it that way. Keep up the good fight!
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.
I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!! 
Thank you! You're right. It's all about survival
Couldn't agree more
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..
No Brexit is also an option.
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.
I had the same thought also.
The best meme
Thank you so much! I'm documenting as much as I can!
lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.
Oh damn. I forgot about those guys. I never really play [NAME] lol
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!
That logic doesn't work. Porn stars make movies knowing they are going to be seen, but it is still objectification. 
There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.
KAT doesn't play defense lol
Happy for him, great game. 
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy. 
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.
terrifying every time.
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO
He’s my pick. That fist!
It's Shrimpy ( I'm pretty happy with it and the telegram is decently active too
He was forced into this marriage
They can be upset about both. Believe me, I've heard the lecture about how Catholicism is a cult and the abortion tirade in the same sitting.
Definitely the second.
It would be interesting to know what you've learned about other sects of [RELIGION].
Such a handsome young man. He looks hungry. Are we not feeding him enough? Should I make some sandwiches? We're so proud of him.
Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.
This sounds amazing!
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.
Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol
Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.
Are you ok?
Great response, I too love being in my 30s. Embrace it fella 
I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.
Good luck bro! I am with you on this journey. Currently on day 7. I had trouble sleeping yesterday night due to the urges.
I mean dug into cities and the like, the only urban fighting Turkey's done this whole war was in al-Bab and we all know how that went.
i really hope this is old and ironic
Lmao that [NAME] damn nic cage pillow
Season x? Sorry bitch but no.
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.
Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me. 
How cute, the JV players are fighting
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.
i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you
Shame on you
Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.
Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.
Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE
I want this poster so bad.
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?
"She also spoke out quite angrily about ""Obamacare"" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical."
Except people have been yelling about climate change for decades, it’s just that finally a prominent politician has made it their main point.
Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!
Prepare for it and become happy with yourself but also accept its impermanence.
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.
Yeah I usually do it if no-one will
I laughed. But I'm really not sure if I should upvote.
Its ridiculous.
Wow. She just risked her life and interfered with the process of natural selection. Hopefully she gets eaten next time
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read
"[NAME] using that ""maybe if I guess every outcome I can still say I was right"" logic."
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that. 
It keeps more people employed that way.
I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.
That what a highlight reel moment that will be played for years and years. That game is on my rotation of games. Great game all around.
YAS, but all the pedestrians give me the greasy when I follow this advice (or at least I think they are giving me the greasy) 
[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too
This story made my day. Ha!
I have been contemplating taking him to a TLM. You are awesome!
For me yes. I did it my whole life, and I regret now. Cause I could've had something with the girls I didn't approach.
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’
Get some deodorant and soray her every time shr sprays the cat
Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.
Nice man!! Wish you guys the best. Here I am FA again after a 2 1/2 year relationship ended lol so enjoy it while it lasts
[NAME] has such a weird relationship with his parents. It’s as if he’s 15 years old still.
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.
Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'
Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down. 
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].
They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...
Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure. 
Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤
Lol I don't hate these tbh at least they're real
Lol get those pitchforks ready boys
It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.
Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.
No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol
Can you apply to some kind of help within your university? Sorry this is happening to you.
Tbh idgaf anymore too many people correct me and others over it. Who cares. But thanks for the enlightenment.
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!
Ah gotcha. Thanks.
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work
He’s a very annoying person and illogical can’t work with someone like this
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?
I appreciate this. I don't think I've given up on teaching entirely. I will try to survive!
I didn’t know I could roll my eyes this far into my head
Watching this makes me angry.
Really feeling you today.
Happy looking fella ain’t he!
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off
Lol always a creepy mike
I was wishing the same!
Maybe work on being a little more optimistic for the future......don't be a debbie downer! :)
I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game
We need mark-ass brownlee
no it's not
Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!
I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
You guys actually look really similar to me besides the hair/beard. But that's not a bad thing!
Heres some well wishes to you staying up
This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.
It could be worse. We could get [NAME] or that Philly traitor [NAME] back.
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too
Go away [NAME]....
When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.
I agree with in general with your perspective, but as someone who loves music--new and old--I gotta say, lil pump really does suck
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing
Thanks so much for taking the initiative to do this! Not all heroes wear capes :)
I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha
Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,
And best of all, it is giving a child a loving home.
Get an ultra balm if you want, it's amazing for cracks! 
Funeral for a friend is a killer band.
Looks like I’m getting an incredibles suit designed for me in this class
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad
What The actual fuck
Girl, wear what you want. Here in Michigan, we get accustomed to cold. No, I'm not freezing just because you are.
El oh el that was fucking funny
It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately 
It’s all good man, I missed [NAME] too. I REALLY hope we get another dream sequence with him in EP4. 
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.
Not gonna lie, I'd be intrigued for sure. 
"Yeah, the golden nugget is ""Get over yourself and let him back in, he made a (small) mistake"""
Thanks for showing me the most degenerate thing I've seen so far in 2019, and that includes a scat subreddit.
Guy quotes [NAME] lol. Juicy
My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment, glad you enjoy it!
This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl. 
I'm sorry. On the plus side, your toilet joke made me laugh really hard. Lol. Thanks
Thanks for clarifying, was definitely originally taught wrong then. 🙃
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY
Insurance and healthcare have the same attitude. Keep people alive as long as possible, but keep the people dependent on the system.
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.
that doesn't make any sense at all.
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.
Ice Cream or Tacos for me. Or the best of both worlds.... a ChocoTaco!
You are a god among nurses.
Thank you! Took this on my IPhone 7!
I like your attitude. You seem like a good person.
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.
I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME]
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦
Thanks dude. Wish you the best with OP, personally I'm done.
Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job. 
Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.
Well you're laid up so you can do some hardcore researching.
Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.
Bruh fox and heild look like the same dude
I prefer HOWDY MISTER
Thanks I will consider that :)
random fact: my pokerstars avatar has been a picture of that very hit since that night of 2006 LOL you could say that this hit was... pretty mint
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.
Yes. Things come back fast, though. I think its an aspect of the 'eternal adolescent' brain.
How dare you
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.
Yeah how dare I want more Green Arrow material in my GREEN ARROW show.
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game
This is me being hopeful that there’s not one poor soul out there who’s happy that the Wilpons are our owners
Fuck daesh *
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.
Happy cake day! It'll be tough, but stick to it and you will come out the other side better for it.
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.
Fear mongering.
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.
I don’t know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].
Probably not making good pass decisions.
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.
Everyone has a purpose, just have to find what that purpose is for you. 
Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. ""Hands up, don't shoot"""
You sound scared
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's
Well said, thank you.
Thank you!! This is so helpful
What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it
I’m feeling very excited !
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.
Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.
Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.
Best sports league in the world.
Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...
I agree, Thats also how I felt when I visited Japan last year
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten
Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad
[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.
Fly out of KDVT? Love flying out there.
This is amazing and terrifiying
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂
Yes, thankfully it has never happened to me, asking out of (morbid) curiosity.
Dude nsfw this damn
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!
He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.
That's reasonable and pretty inexpensive for a 75 mile round trip.
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.
No problem, it warms my heart to help slower people understand things.
only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.
Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. 
It was great but above everything else... It makes me happy to see [NAME] at the top. Werk.
Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and I really appreciate it
Oh... Cool
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.
I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.
Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!
I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you 
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
I miss him on our pp
So we are homicidal manics until we get bored and then follow the road rules for fun.
Honestly, this is hilarious. Did he reply?
Agreed. Very relevant suggestion!
Really? That's interesting. I'll have to give it a try. Yes I'd love to take a look at your suggestions.
No now a days they’re regularly updated to reflect the current stats and rosters. This commercial would have been great for The Show 17.
Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. ""I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up"" Is a murder mishandling a situation?"
I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point
Because he was really really hoping people, even strangers on the internet, would think he was a doctor.
Another why [NAME] is so valuable moment. lol Let's go [NAME] And [NAME] has a small penis
What? Shut up?
The best thing about a traffic jam on 59 is getting out of it
[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.
She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.
Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.
I love the “I’m sleeping” and then the realization
Great movie, almost timeless :)
Cool I have a few friends that do the same I appreciate them being stories instead of direct messages
Turn undead is once per short rest, you can’t make use of it frequently, no wonder the dm was frustrated
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.
Happy anniversary!! ❤
Document everything, get financially independent, be free. Good luck my friend.
dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE
I can only focus on that pastry.
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one
They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.
I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh
I love her so much
Thanks! Thank you for sharing!
ah, [NAME] I love this boy
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished. 
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.
[NAME] because he's the better player.
Hope you feel better soon. Probably won't happen, but good feeelings sent your way.
I appreciate this. If you hadn't done this I would have felt terrible all day
Went to a rave Friday night so I spent the day asleep. No regrets.
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far 
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.
[NAME] likes making us excited, but not *too* excited
Looks like you brought a nice variety for her to try, hope she enjoyed it!
Aaahahahha- you had me at Jabba the Hut for a role model 😂😂❤️
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.
Is a really worrying bench
Yeah, this has been posted here before, but it's a great video. I have it saved to a YT playlist for repeated viewings and lols
Dear [NAME]....
Using an argument based on intolerance is frankly a bad strategic idea and borders on offensive. It won't persuade anybody and it sounds ridiculous.
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D
Wow that’s weird. I’m too used to that age group complaining about “kids these days”. Thanks for sharing.
I've gone through phases like that, usually related to depression or something else going on in my life. See if it passes in a couple weeks.
I sure hope so...
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness
I don't really know a time or date though, I'm open to ideas and availability discussion
I feel a deep sense of shame.
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.
I'm new here from the U.S. This convo cleared it up for me, so thanks.
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together
Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.
Just because some people troll him on Twitter and get literally no retweets or interactions, he'll surely change his way of directing...
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.
"""bussy full of beans"" is an earth-shattering phrase"
Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.
happy cake day
Arguing a player is the GOAT among every position is just a dumb argument to even begin with when it comes to football.
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Thank you.
Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!
How you don't give in to her every whim is amazing to me. You're a much stronger person than me.
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.
I vote to now refer to him as [NAME] from now on due to his newfound confidence
Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement. 
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.
I like it! I think the ideas of [NAME] can go a long way. I wish you the best of luck :)
You are wrong.
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!
Wishing the best for your pupper.
Howd i get downvoted? Lmao. I love drones and think they cant be beat for SaR and aerial mapping... thats why i forwarded the proposal!
We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.
Holy hell, that sub is nice.
No phone, can't help....sorry?
I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame. 
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.
Its deathprofessor lol. That's her Twitter account.
This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!
Idealogues are annoying.
It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.
What the fuck who likes cold
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver. 
the older i get the more it hurts
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !
Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban. 
Fair enough, I respect your perspective.
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.
Those bastards lied to me
Same. The low cloud is neat, but to me the emptiness of that area of downtown is what's striking.
"Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says ""I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."""
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him. 
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example. 
The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!
I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.
aries actually haha
I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though. 
Happy cake day! Have a great day and year, cheers. 
holy lmao im a dolt lol.
Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.
Thats not mold
[NAME] is amazing.
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place. 
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude
Girl we been knew she's been telling us another album is on it's way since thank you, next
Thank you.
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.
> And I can’t blame you. Whyy? They are beautiful little bugs
"""...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"""
That's such a selfish mentality to have.
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.
Yes, but [NAME] is right when he warns about the US involvement in Venezuela.
My fault, I jumped to a conclusion. I forgot that savanna cats are spotted not leopard print.
You’re funny if you think 27 vs 1 is going to somehow end in a good deal for the UK.
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!
Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*
my sentiment exactly
I love juancho
Why,? It’s natural. That’s weird af.
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.
Stay on your feet Lovejoy
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.
Essence is amazing!
I love you ❤️
Haha okay. Much love brother!
Thanks, your comments made me laugh.
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure
Your dog is so brave ❤️
His friend was sexy as hell 💁
I think we should, he is one of the best centers in the game 
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.
It is awesome, and nothing turns me on more (as far as giving pleasure to my lover goes). Seriously.
[NAME] got bank...he's paying people to count his cash. He's doing fine
Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..
I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.
Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool! 
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. 
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.
Just move on and find someone who will give you the same feelings back.
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.
You're welcome! Anything else on your mind? Best to air it out
Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh
Bro this is awesome
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.
Fuck I laughed at this post :D You better stick to your words and make sure to Tag every BF:V Dev.
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.
All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE
I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?
Whenever I leave my character in free roam I get an idle notification very quickly. Must have glitched.
Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it
Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.
funny as.
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon
thanks JA!
[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.
Because it's incredibly cringy.
It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.
There is something legitimately wrong with you
I was listening to look alive by [NAME] and [NAME] and it was perfect timing with this video and the song😂😂
I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman
I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!
You really get it. Your SD is a very lucky man!
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.
Wow, what a controversial opinion.
What a cutie!
Probably one everytime I run out of the $1 million, 97% success rate? Worth the risk 
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!
That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!
Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing
that's adorable asf
> How TF did you get to FETISH that quickly? Welcome to the internet. Enjoy your stay.
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.
Love this! Love you! Thanks for sharing!
The only happy ending I enjoyed on this sub. Good job.
No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr
The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.
Be brave. You have our support
I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.
I’m glad
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now 
LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL
They're a match made in heaven!
One of the best and most consistent kickers over the last 5 years vs a guy who had a great season
Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. 
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out. 
I bet he’s not going to visit their hall of fame in order to avoid meeting w/ [NAME]
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.
See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha
I used to love to mix addys and Valium 10s though lol!
Yo but that RivaL lineup tho! That's gonna be so sick
These things are so cool.
She sucks but you don’t sound much better
Ah, fair enough.
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor. 
My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.
Uber is fun and cheap.
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.
Haha, actually grandpa did! Go figure 
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.
Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.
The toes stretched out as he hangs from the swinging door is too much cuteness for me
You didn't need to split this into two posts...
when only rich people got elected and passed laws...
Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.
> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it. 
Thank you!!!!
Ooof, I’m so sorry, that is rough.
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?
I don’t understand why this is a problem? Each of you just plate up your own food and then eat together.
That isnt sustainable.
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.
My grandchild used to be a baby, and now he is no longer a baby. Thanks, xBox!
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.
Well no dur
Damn. I love peppermint.
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else
Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false. 
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.
[NAME] is da man. A gangsta mathematician who had the guts to seduce the most beautiful Spartan woman of her time.
Was thinking this would go the route of actually eating the thin guy. Bravo. 👏👏
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year
If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand. 
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.
Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me
No, thats just the glare from the sun
If it makes you feel better they'll probably move back a few times
No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:
You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. 
i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. 
It's so surreal that we have a superstar on the Canucks. I have to pinch myself everyday
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort 
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.
Yeah a lot of people are missing that lol
[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.
Welcome to the club, fellow [NAME]!
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE
very well put. wow i love that man, i’d play a mean game of chess w him
All those things are definitely your fault. She is much better off without you.
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden
Love these guys and love this skit
You're welcome :)
I'm so sorry. That's awful.
Her meal looks pretty good...
I feel attacked
She’s so hot in the video damn
"I like how it's ""unacceptable"" lol. The nerve"
Where'd you go tough guy? You were talking so big before. Way to downvote and move on punk.
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck
Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!
Hahahaha I love this man
I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter 
LOL!!! Good one!
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.
I hope ish isn’t like [NAME] and is forever affected by this injury
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.
Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️
Professionally.... no way I could do that to myself
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.
*ads even more trashier
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.
Some could shake out and slide down your pants leg, good call.
Love this. Thanks for sharing.
Hi u/CareeningDirigibug, thanks for posting this however I am afraid it has been removed as this video has already been posted within the last week. Hope you understand.
[NAME] was attractive physically and got a match. [NAME] wasn't unattractive in his behavior and got an invitation for sex.
"It's a careful boundary between them seeing you as ""one of those parents"" and taking you seriously."
You're delusional
Man I hate kids
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.
Yeah, it basically gives us carte blanche to challenge every single gun law, lol. [NAME].
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls. 
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.
Protip- just smell your damn food. Use your senses!
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him
I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.
China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.
I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.
I totally agree man I hope one day I can find that too
Fuck with these giveaways.
I’m a little scared of telling my parents (I’m in high school.) How do I approach them about this?
Looking good!!!!!how are you? woww you are a treat...😉. Cute body :).
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!
Thanks [NAME]. wait a minute...
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you. 
glad to see paleho's doing well
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. 
Yeah I did think that was the case, thank you! So excited to see my new Capstan!
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying 
"I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't ""standard."""
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.
By pushing misleading and false information, your agenda is dividing [NAME].
Good. The US is behaving shamefully, the least Canada can do is to try and pick up a little of the slack. 
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...
Dudes karma is -99 lol
Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing. 
♥ thanks for understanding
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.
Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!
It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill
Great to see [NAME] back on the court
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.
Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.
I love the logic of a better cheaper more reliable service comes along, so let's block the roads and highways that will make people love us LOL
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!
"[NAME] "" haters gonna hate"" the most cringe I've seen of any politician. Worse than [NAME] benefit singing some working class song. "
that's amazing, gives me hope. 
I love how at one point you're following behind her hair watching her dodge a spear
Good for you.
Stay strong, you’ll pull through.
[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.
You're correct.
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.
Awesome, it looks like we've found our next scapegoat.
But the panther saddle is sexy af.
he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's
You okay there, bot?
Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.
The kind you enjoy & can fully devote yourself to.
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.
Haha, thats brilliant.
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
It's a waste of water to shower that often.
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen
Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.
I really like this OP, going to start doing something similar - thank you! 
[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...
Ate too much “hot chips”
Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.
hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.
But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.
That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤
Hey, your hair looks great! As a fellow curly girl I'm just wondering what your routine looks like?
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.
Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.
Beyond that, it affirms the idea that discipline and habit exist for as long as you maintain them, which I find kinda funny. 
Good bot!
I don't know what would have happened had you tried to get past, but I'm glad you just noped the duck out of there.
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special
I’m really excited for this year! Especially the Wu Lin hero , I can’t wait to wield my double-handed jian😍😍
If Gold state can make it work with 4 all stars we damn sure can with two players
Thank-you very much, your comment is greatly appreciate.
It's nice to have dreams.
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.
This hurts to hear because we know it's true. There are 16 year olds who have experienced more than me.
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.
Ambien your posts are delightful and I have such a hard core internet stranger crush on you.
That is a very handsome dog.
You have no legs to stand on to accuse me of such.
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.
No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One. 
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh
Enjoy your karma
This is great
I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice 
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.
I hope it heals well! I will bring out the Oww Mah Layg dancers to encourage healing and positive energy to help you and cheer you on! 🎶💃Oww💃Mah💃Layg💃🎶
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.
Lots Of Love
No, I’m saying that “not getting an abortion” is the default option, and takes less deliberate effort than getting an abortion.
Thank you so much I am so proud of myself!
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?
"I love the guy who is like ""the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink"", like that isn't the point."
He will but the Chiefs will absolutely have a shot because the Pats defense is egregious on the road. I mean they let [NAME] go off lol.
That's just a tad frosty. I'm ready to ice skate to work on thursday amsterdam style.
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.
I really love [NAME]
I think the one thing we can all agree on is Kill Mikol. This was too difficult to answer in full..
I was petrified...
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.
Thanks for clarifying!
he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
Nope, not really
Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious. 
happy birthday, have some gold!
Damn, what a savage. Spoken like a true brother. X'D
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying. 
just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(
is a great resource.
>captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?
the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything. 
How can they expect you to write if you can't read? /s
I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.
Hahahahaha, no there isn't. Thank god. Tell your friend he's an idiot for us.
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!
I did anyway hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahaa fucking rekt XD
Nah I like my pockets kief free
it is adorable that you think that
It's about fucking time, hope this is real.
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.
great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika
Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.
The worst is working with dealerships
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.
> Society usually paints men as emotionless, cold, and self sustaining creatures who don't need affection. Not really, though.
Fair enough. The cake is definitely too much haha
I'm not sure what you mean by 18th century family here but otherwise thanks.
Peep show is so damn good
Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!
Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼
[NAME] is a legend.
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out ""stop yelling!!!"" when she's the only one yelling."
People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.
You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.
nice work man
I like my coffee like my women.
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.
15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.
Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!
Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings
Everything is cool when no one gets hurt.. But as soon as something bad happens, we all scream idiots... Why...?
So basically the greatest person on earth.
Really Nice chiaroscuro
Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.
Poor cat.
Personally, I adore capitalism. But that's just me. 
"For a second there I read the subreddit as ""furry and sad"". Pretty disappointed."
We just got a ninja coffee machine. Don’t even need filters! It has little waste besides the coffee grounds. I love it.
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.
wow bailed tf out
Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty
Didn’t realize they lost it. Loved their Cooperstown collection figures.
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.
This just really motivated me. Thanks
[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now
Amazing!! Congrats!
Better than that dumb pink look.
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.
No one is stopping you. I will laugh at you, but go ahead. 
This is even remotely funny
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on
Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.
Bruh I wish 😖
Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too
Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes
Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though! 
Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy
so obnoxious.
Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.
Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.
And they lived happily ever after.
Thanks. Those are great suggestions.
Thank you for the new obsession.
Your inability to formulate an argument is what's most humorous. Oh great philosophers of free speech... Thanks for the laugh. Happy New Year!
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.
Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)
Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.
hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.
You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy
That’s not how totaling works.
That’s adorable! I hope they stick with it!
Good job ignoring [NAME].
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season
Hahahah holy shit, yes it does.
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter
My son told me he hates me
"All that condescension to spell ""capitulate"" wrong. Shame."
Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this
[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.
I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service
That's amazing! I think that's great! I wish you the best in 2019! Please keep us updated!
Have a good evening thank you!
Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.
Lol there’s always that one guy in the comments
I've never been more disturbed by a dog
Wooooo! Yeah! -applause-
This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.
Superbowl 42 is going to be the greatest Superbowl of all-time for a long time.
I've never heard him say this... News to me
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.
Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man
[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this 
Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.
Dude, you made my day. 
Lol same.
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.
So, so good
Wow the delusion here is breathtaking.
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.
Nice asimov reference
lmao okay dude
So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.
bruh literally same
This man just posts facts and got -220. He told them the truth and they hated him for it.
I look amazing
100% scam
That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.
How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav
Most exciting abortion I’ve ever seen.
Nice! I missed the Babybel.
That boy ain’t right
"I'm no [NAME] but I do use their saying, ""Hate the sin and not the sinner."" Do your very best and keep going. 🍍✌"
if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time
Congrats dude! Can you give us a quick tl;dw?
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible
ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?
I remember seeing that scene the first time and being like.... I loved Princess [NAME] before, but now... something is different
>Maybe they found the key somewhere else on his property and prefer this location better, who knows. Yeah, that makes sense.
[NAME] deliver me from this nightmare I'm stuck in.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.
From the post history, I'd say this looks like a highly inept karma farm bot account. Edit: OP is for real! Yay! Upvoting!
She broke that young man's toes, ankles, and knees on that fall. lol
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.
Pikachu shocked.jpg I hope we give him a fair chance and he succeeds
Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.
Brilliant movie.
I agree we got to look at our team, not the players we have traded... good luck to them. Go dodgers!!
Oooo, shiny! (Is the blue one the new one?)
Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊
Glad I could help. Feels good once in a while, I know the feeling.
Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.
That kinda true honestly lol. Just has more potential
Keep your chin high OP. Life ain’t always beautiful but it’s a beautiful ride.
We’re all bible on this blessed day
[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.
This is amazing
Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was
Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.
I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...
Right? It looked wild AF for a baby shower lol
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.
Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.
This one is the worst, by far
He’s bad
OMG this is gaming history in the making. Lol I can't w8!
Happy Birthday!
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.
One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.
Lol. Imagine dying to a floating zombie
Grammar jokes be* my favourite
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.
Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!
Saw it at work this morning, christ the clouds were beautiful
I often do this when I listen to metal. It helps vent some of the anger I feel.
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol
More like I was raised in Asia but go off. I’m not gonna bother arguing with trumpie lmao.
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”
Be prepared for many old men to hit on you
Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.
I buy VHS, DVD and Blu-ray. I have a huge collection.
This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.
I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!
She got me into it so not wrong lol
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.
I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.
Fair enough. Taking a break can be good. I wish you the best of luck.
Thanks this was a cool article. The Shedd means a lot to me as it was where I went the first time I met the love of my life
Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP
Stay right there, I’m gona try it right now and report back
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.
Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱
Yes, that’s pretty much it ! Thank you, I will, it’ll just be a week or so before I get there. 
Yay, congratulations! :D
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby. 
Of course you have to play your cards right, but having good cards can really help you. It’s all about tact. 
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself
Sounds fun to be around her....Jk:)
Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.
It’s a shame there is no sound lol
Ok thanks ❤❤
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.
RED ALERT RED ALERT
i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.
Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB. 
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.
I had a big omnibus edition. It was great, but a good 4-5 inches thick!
"I'm pretty sure most ""pick up"" artists in Asia pay the girls."
Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!
"[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE ""MINE"" SdgksadGDKLSG:"
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].
AKA great!
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol
Beautiful play by [NAME]. Dude gets better every game he plays.
[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.
When my [NAME] is crying...
Interesting ideas and has a strong argument against postmodernism
#welcome to Doordash lol We all quit Doordash
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.
Fuck me, that is good. 
It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!
I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.
Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully
I'm not ready, I'm not ready, I'm REALLY not ready.
I was so happy for cowboy
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!
forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.
[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes
These questions tell you'll be a fantastic dad! Don't sweat it too much and make sure you enjoy it. They grow up quick :)
enjoy it and happy New Year!! I was at the cheesecake factory yesterday with one of my kids.. had a blast
For real though, TurboGraphix16 was pretty cool. They had some neat games.
No its not, a AGM can do damage in excess of 15m$.
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.
Also thank you for the link.
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.
[NAME]? Nah, that's him in the background. The idiot with the leaves is [NAME]. It's always fucking [NAME].
Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?
That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k. 
Wow that’s one way to get out of it for a while 🤔
Liverpool FC and Jacksonville Jaguars (Sorry, my kids were born here)
Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?
Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this. 
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky
I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5
shucci a lil BITCH
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..
and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.
It has its moments, that's for sure.
Ugh sucker punch
Man, what a great post Edit: wow! Thanks for the kind, gold stranger!
Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say ""respect me"" in any way."
thanks [NAME], very cool! i’m just gonna off myself tho. brain hurty juice hurty my brain too much 
Not starting it at that temperature is a great way to drain your car of an ability to start. Pick your poison.
too much internet
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.
Wtf. And then we wonder why people think DnD players are a bunch of fucking creeps. Sucks that you had to bear witness to such sadness.
I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing
Thanks [NAME]! <3 #9
I feel like it's the 90s when everybody wanted to make a record label
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️
Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.
Everybody betrayed [NAME] [NAME]. I'm fed up with this world.
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.
Loved this book
Good minutes from bayless
Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.
Im fine with complaining. A little surprised he's complaining without playing or even reading the patch notes since they were released.
This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it
My day was ok, I’ve just been watching YouTube and on twitter.
I don't know about that. Old Liz managed to earn around $90k over the past couple of years.
Removed? Damn no respect.
Yes, we did.
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up. 
So glad for him, he's such a good man and deserves everything good 
This is funny, although... Some people just can't take a yolk. 
congrats, [NAME]. you played yourself
Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.
When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.
I love this trend.
Thank you for the clarification.
We are like the douchebusters!
Wow, really? I hope this kind of event doesn’t happen that often. 
Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.
Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.
Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much
Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.
He has become that which he swore to destroy!
Not this sub’s fault the ((([NAME]))) is full of idiots
A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up
EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well. 
Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.
It’s cool lol, no hard feelings
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something
"""average good singer"" "
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)
[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out
A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉
My new favourite bromance
"""here's where the map completely breaks"" ""also centurion has safe heavies"" like really lmao"
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots
At least we've always got other people here who understand.
Noted thank you.
"They didn't have a ""bullpen"" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always"
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*
Apologies, sir
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).
No wonder crime is going up if these morons are in charge.
That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!
Me too thanks!
That's awesome man. Keep it up bro. Glad to see there's some people out there that still care about others
LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣
Red Line guys are awesome. The Chicago office is going to be infinitely better than te New York one. So much for ditching the whole city thing.
great ideas!
Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.
Blade and Soul looks terrible, IMO. Way way way too much saturation and bloom. Great post, OP!
I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. 
Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.
Sorry, but isn't this a little too obvious? As the old saying, the early bird catches the worm.
Didn't expect him to land back in the championship, although mears was much more unlikely
Go slowly and don’t pressure yourself but rake advantage of some adult company for an evening out if the opportunity presents itself. Best wishes
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces
He's hilarious
this is magnificent
Running a company will be the same disappointment. Your problem is unsolved.
You really went in to detail, and with valid points. Δ 
"Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a ""cross post"". Sorry!"
How the fuck is that not ticketable.
Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.
The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.
Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3
Happy day! Five years from now you will be a top ten player in the NHL.
please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play
But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.
No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law. 
It ruined me, too. D:
Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)
Awesome!!!
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.
I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be
I feel retarded because i laughed
I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.
I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.
That was brutal.
while her other suitor looks like a decent guy, looks good, trying to be a good bf.
"""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS"" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha"
Glad you had fun!! Did you all, ya'know? Did you all make plans to see each other again soon?
That looks like a fun group
damn i’d love a transboy to be my prince charming
Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. 
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me
Thank you. For some reason I thought it had been released in all markets.
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.
This made me laugh.
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!
ok thanks alot :), just extremely weird VAC bans are less harsh than throwing for Skins. lol
Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt
Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.
Lets see if [NAME] cares about playing hard in [NAME] return to LA. I think we can win if our players actually play hard and care.
Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.
:) this made me smile. I laughed so hard at the blinker fluid part. You and [NAME] are proof that not all heroes wear capes.
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it. 
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this
I'm a sexworker and trust me, plenty of us love our jobs an our work.
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.
For fun!
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw. 
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!
Wow. My first comment here (I think) is met with hate! Ouch!
Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out
No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics
Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs
*[NAME] playing the world's saddest tune on the world's biggest violin.*
I can help.
It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points. 
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.
[NAME] is so goddamn good
And I also appreciate you.
Happy Cakeday! I met my partner of 6 years at a London [NAME] meet-up 🤩
Alexa this is awesome play eye of the tiger
Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you
ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight
Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)
Wow you’re cool
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.
These folks have surpassed
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.
Would love to see them both in the same side
Oh look, it's wr2! *proceeds to get fucked*
Worst radio ever.
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings
if he is strong, he won't need to quit job
Ok maybe I should watch Tangled
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog
Thank you for your reply. It gives me hope, and I will your previous post in a bit.
Interested in Carlton stuff.
Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️
What the Fuck?
The goodest human
Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response
Thanks, it was no effort at all.
I only use freedom units, sorry.
I'm afraid if I have a awful time or something like that I'm going to get worse..
Thank you, really. I always thought so, but it’s nice when other people see it too.
Be safe.
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.
I always thought the GNT version of 10:14 was amusing. Intelligent people talk sense, but stupid people need to be punished. Proverbs 10:13 GNT
You're welcome! Happy New year!
lakers bout to get KAT fucked now
I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.
Sodaman going sicko mode
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂
Amazing, my friend 🙏 
You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!
it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.
I’m sorry :(
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.
I like Brown Sugar
Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.
Glad those underprivileged West Loop kids will finally have something nice to take advantage of.
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry
This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it
Hope your friend is okay.
Damn *fabulous*!
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period
Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.
I love the thing. My jeans get all loose feeling after I wear them awhile. I feel skinnier when my jeans fresh.
I really love watching this one more than the goals.
"As if any of those words mean anything other than ""give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"""
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.
Completely understandable. Maybe mom should book flights a little bit farther in advance next time though!
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.
OK. That is really weird.
what a crazy ride
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character
I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.
The US version of The Office isn’t even the best version of The Office, never mind the best comedy ever.
good to know. thanks!
Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂
Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.
Nice of them to come check on you.
happy birthday dude!
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!
Thanks! Itll take some getting used to for sure but I'm excited to move on.
This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone
I came here to tell you that this wins this sub and I’ll never be able to finish reading it.
Put that back where it came from or so help me...
It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.
Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.
Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.
He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.
Which is why I'm glad he turn around as he did. xD Still is both scary and funny if you look at it from a different light
I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.
Good luck! If you do need to get her, you just gotta fuse together a Bicorn and a Jack Frost.
omg lke ikr
haha, actually haha
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.
So Much Feeling in One Picture , Great Love It :)
I get you...
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder
stuff is incredible on fried chicken
Thanks for sharing! I can so see me taking the scraps when he inevitably is having a good day and reaches out. I will resist!
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words. 
you fucking moron
Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.
People love him on Yelp:-)
Careful, he's a hero
Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.
I'm looking at that scene like a tribute to TWAU2's demise
He missed out on a golden kid. You should be proud of yourself, congrats!
That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!
I love you [NAME]!
That would be cool too!
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry
Don’t know why I didn’t think of that..but hey thanks, hero!
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k
Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!
I try and avoid that entire mall. Hahaha
It feels like it plays worse tbh
I'm know Ashtabula. I'm from Lorain. That's cool that the company got bigger though.
"""they can't come through the port"" He's obviously never seen The Wire"
Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.
“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:
Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.
Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.
Can’t wait for this match
thanks for answering!
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second. 
I love your username
This post is amazing. Definitely starting to see good days and life just kept improving after my Nex. Thank you for this
Ok my apologies then!
Glad it was helpful!
And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.
Im looking for this, but I predict a 3-1 win to barça. I really hope [NAME] doesnt bore me
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!
You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.
Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.
you can use your inhuman orang-utan strength to tear them from limb to lim thats an option
Thank you [NAME]
And then everyone clapped and the teacher got on his hands and knees, begging to be spared from your superior intellect.
The monster!
Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.
Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote
>It's not that I care Every reply now is you crying about being downvoted lol
This is great, thank you
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.
Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)
I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!
the into is the real cringe - good find!
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!
Good for you for sharing... It must of been very very hard... Good luck in yr journey
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies
I had one of those... my cat broke it.
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.
The ruling class doesn't care. Their only goal is to plunder and loot the country for their own financial gain.
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.
Lol I understand the sleep issue. I’m CIO for a small financial trading startup, so I’m always on call no matter what.
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.
The brick details actually look good. Everything else - ehhhhhh.
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.
Got married so I don't have to worry about it.
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit. 
I wish someone would do this for me.
Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte. 
Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.
"I'm finding it hard to distinguish ""discuss the merits of conspiracy theories"" and ""debating"" those theories."
Nice work!
o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3
Sending you warm wishes :) <3
That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️
I live in those unfortunately
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.
I'm just living through you as you use shower comebacks in real life. Glorious...
U dumb.
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.
I agree, it was approaching my bedtime but will do so today, thank you.
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers
That made me laugh and if my mum’s mind was still here she’d laugh too!
I'm really excited for this. I loved the sense of adventure / danger in Sunless Seas.
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.
Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊
Food is wonderful
Lol your adorable, thanks for the humor
"""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."""
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying
I AM THE GOLDEN GOD
wow I think you've really got her now
Home field advantage is barely a thing lmao also I hate the Patriots, you're just being an idiot.
Way braver than me. Hope you have a great night. Cheers!
Yes, you should speak with an attorney.
You're FUCKING JOKING
Oh that sucks good luck man
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.
Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason
I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!
I'M MOTIVATED!
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that
Happy birthday [NAME]!
He really likes Babylon 5
Just kidding man 😂😂
Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.
Hope that helped. :P
i thought it was very coincidental that i was listening to 808’s while doing this bullshit and that this question popped up unexpectedly. made me smile
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.
Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!
Coq was great man...
Yes that was abuse.
I love this post so much. Really drives the point home and made me laugh!
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse 
1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good
I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol
Best summary of the situation right here.
Obviously the super sisters will save her.
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.
I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...
But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...
"He had to say, ""But alas"" which makes this soo funny."
Men are disadvantaged literally everywhere.
I think that you might just need to wait a little for the right significant other to show up
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it
I love the wire, never sad any thing bad about it just that it's from two decades ago
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.
Very nice!! I love your art! What journal is this? I love the texture on the pages.
Lol...I was thinking the exact same thing.
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?
I caught that little tidbit too. Very unbiased. Very factual.
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning. 
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.
I have no friends.
thats adorable aw
Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it. 
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.
Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.
[NAME] damn you're dedicated.
I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s
Good job!
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.
Of fucking course it is...
I wouldn't count out Scotland in the quarters. They're playing well and have given the US headaches in the past.
Didn’t intend for it to be, just having a bit of fun because the dog was ironically let loose. 
I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy
Yeah she really didn’t. It’s prob for the best even though it’s tough right now. Thank you
>he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*
I wish to be apart of them one day
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.
Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.
Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will. 
I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud
this is probably one of the top 5 most legendary copypastas from this community - I’ve always loved this one
Yeah that's where my eyebrow went up. The liability issues alone would make it a non-starter.
*wrap* happy birthday
LOL...love nagy shock-faced
damn, i always get in on these too late
I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.
[NAME] and [NAME] are the only reason to tune in at this point. Happy birthday!
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.
Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.
i would not vote for him
Thanks a lot. That will give me some things to google.
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?
That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha
Thank you so much! That’s a helpful list with a great variety!
I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget. 
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing. 
I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.
uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.
Thank you so much! ♥️
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.
Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.
I don't think my town has a market.
Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries
She's hot.
I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy
[NAME] so good. What a gem.
Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in. 
Lol not your picture mate
I'd like to think [NAME] is joking, r-right guys? 
It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now
Thank you and CONGRATS MAN!! I listen to podcasts too when I get ready! Greatly helps with the negative thoughts. Glad we did it!!
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?
You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol
She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.
They wanted [NAME] to be in the cameo and both to wish her happy birthday as specified in the order
You crush them up
This has been well used. Thank you for your service Sir.
Peace be with you
"Claims to be ""against sexist [NAME] bros"" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor"
[NAME], like people making minimum wage are worried about 10% off at their Walmart.
Have fun with that nos canister!❤️
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb
hey at least you've got a friend group chat
*hugs my teddy bear and starts crying*
I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..
r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh
My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.
Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you win the internet today 😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.
you are delucional.
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out
I Like [NAME]
YOU BLEEPING NEED ME! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS SUB GREAT WITHOUT ME!
Awesome. Glad to hear it
[NAME] I wish that was me
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤
surprise surprise! cbs loves this phony old wannabee
I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time. 
That Moment when you suddenly find yourself in a 3 minute starring contest
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of
So pure I'm smiling :)
Ah thanks 👍🏻
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a ""creative way."""
Just happened to me lol
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point
Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.
It’s really sad to see
Funny.. I mean real funny looking.
"Translation: ""I have no argument so here's a rude comment""."
Well I wish we could all get along too.
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].
Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.
"""This is good. What is it?"" ""Es carne de burro."" ""Heh, my name's [NAME]."""
Wouldn't mind if it is [NAME]. Girl's got fire.
Cool. Good call on the passport. Our plan is to make a stop on the way from thr airport. Im suee some are open late.
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭
I hope you like it-
Hey, we all love South Park friend.
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...
Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks
And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.
Sounds good to me.
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool
accept no substitutes
What a goal
No worries. I'll look into this for sure.
So good.
You. Are. Awesome. Also, congratulations on the baby!!!!
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight
OK, thanks I'm gonna delete it and post it in another sub reddit.
They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL
I like it!
Happy New Year.
Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.
I would cheer hard for a Cyborg win in that tourney.
This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way. 
That day was incredible.
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.
Nice. Thanks for the original.
Where is that damn SaLt LiCK
Thank you.
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.
My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit
The next year: Well, sequel time already, huh? Welcome back, I guess.
I mean he is cleay doing *something* right.
Upvoting simply for the (Eli = )
Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.
Hah, much appreciated! :)
The sun will probably rise tomorrow.
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!
"TD: ""You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!"" Also TD:"
Oh haha I didn't see that!
You'd think that's a simple game mode they'd have had from the start... I would have loved that.
How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad
[NAME] deserves appreciation
i appreciate your response! you are totally right... i gottA get out of my head.
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks 
Burn through ALL THE DATA
Some, I assume, are good people.
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)
I will. Thanks!
Lol what can you even say you meant to say? “Sorry auto correct meant let’s do SOCKS”.
Yep, unprepared for first period, forgot my pants while wandering around the school, etc. Been teaching 5 years and I still get these dreams
Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad
Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.
Looks sick actually.
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one"""
Thanks for recording a video message with AntiRivet like 3 years ago for me. Hope everything is going well.
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts
You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.
I'm already aware of a lot of things I need to fix, but Im just trying things out atm. I would appreciate any and all feedback.
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.
I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating
As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?
This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/
Hahaha I know this one, thank you SORTED boys!
It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.
> their personal choices and clothing are distinct from their legislation and policies. This has got to be a fucking joke. What universe do you live in?
That was fun
this is painful
Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.
Enjoy trading a potential superstar for the worst guard defender in the league.
She was! Her “Breathe” was phenomenal.
I'm am L O L ! Beautiful! Use that brain. It's a good one. ~toktomi~
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action
What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective. 
She’s beautiful! 💙
Finally some good vibes in this sub, im happy for you man!!
*Trust the plan*
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.
because it’s funny
It’s a joke...
Thank you, I'll try my best. At least i'm not binging while i'm here.
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside."""
It really do be like that
Suffer? I’d say that’s an interesting word to use. Hopefully they are replaced by automation.
Trier [NAME] chemistry looking nice
Just looked them and and found the perfect one for him thanks!
I love this and him. What a good dude.
This is the greatest analogy
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!
I think it looks great
I love you, 125.
You guys really took this loss well. I'm stunned at how not-salty you minor leaguers are taking it. Totally not full of excuses and what-ifs.
cool vid! but
That's some bitchy whore
I remember them looking very happy. I loved that they were there and seemed very happy about what was happening.
I just don’t like him 😂
U get an updoot from one sad person to another
I like watching old shows and movies and seeing old brands and how the logos and stuff changed.
yep I wasn't aware I could claim my rec purchases too. thanks
Gives me physical pain thanks
Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.
Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.
We gotta throw the whole world away
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].
Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad
Good luck don’t get discouraged you can do it!!!
I'm with you. Let's this together.
Sadly, it was not
Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.
As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!
Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..
Haha the death and suffering here! Haha he had kids! Haha he was a philanthropist! Haha you might be a sociopath.
I appreciate you being open about it. So I'm assuming you accept that the things you listed don't make you a woman, right?
I’m anti theist. That’s as supportive as I could have gotten. Haha
Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.
They as in men lol
I love when you get the text afterwards - my last donation apparently saved a life in Cairns! Really cheered me up actually.
How did they respond? You can't leave out the best part.
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do
Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP
I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)
We don't do that here
One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.
Mother knows best.
I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes
Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.
I’ve made the same exact comment before It’s mind boggling
That weighs heavy on the heart, I’m so sorry for your loss
Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.
Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!
Fuuuck, brutal
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.
That's all good, thanks for commenting.
my favourite kind of cookies.
[NAME] lost her guitar canonically
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.
Ignorance is bliss
> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.
Chuckle worthy. It's funny. There's at least structure to set up the punchline.
Good sense of humor!
Wow, I just googled it and holy shizz that's an insane difference.
Left beer outside so I could make a cool picture for reddit. Please give karma.
Sweetener is full of bops! Wish she would release another single from it.
good luck!!
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious
Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.
Neon carrot is amazing and great for your body.
Keeps going tho. Kids got heart
They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!
She's probably increased in usage now cause people want the wins for that Bastet skin lol
I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.
Just said so casually...lol!
Laughed my balls off
Lol, thank you for my first upvote and for contacting the mods. 
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.
Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.
My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.
Meanwhile Monokuma: Everything is free if you just become the blackened and get away with it
Lol what are you smoking
Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!
This is so good!!
I’m sorry about your pup. At least between the two of them she won’t be neglected? I just feel badly for you.
Lol!!
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.
I'm disappointed in you too.
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!
I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol
Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it. 
i do not like the dollar store [NAME].
Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist. 
Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.
My first thought was how bloody your hands are when your downed, You turned Blood and Gore off. Good man 
Great, now I look dumber than I normally am
Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((
They were really supportive!
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]
Starting field position does not affect dvoa
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed. 
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. 
That's great to hear. I hope you get it, and have many years with that job.
One of my favourite [NAME] moments
thanks for sharing.
love u too
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.
“Bahahaha” Isn’t that a quote from the Raving Rabbids?
ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.
wow. I think you've done all you can.
Congrats on quitting my man. [NAME] speed in your recovery.
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.
A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more
I'm glad none of you are GM
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.
I was trying to think of a better player to pick on..... couldn't lol
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR 
How did I not know this?! That show is so good.
This is a bad post and you should feel bad for being the author
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere
Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!
Lol i highly doubt it. A third grader did that photoshop job
She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... 
Yay! Mine’s Cymbalta and Lamictal with a dash of Ativan lol
Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.
This thing happened a couple years back, still haven't gotten back into the working world. Though, I appreciate the support.
Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF
Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. 
I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.
I appreciate it!
Suffering from success...
A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.
As per, they’re being slammed on social media. Their response and justification of it being from seven years ago is contrary and lame.
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.
That was informative. Thank you.
[NAME] playing sloppy
That's really good!
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.
Honestly scared to see what happens
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.
Lol. Ill try but its just not fun anymore. Haven't dashed in 2 weeks. Busy day job now so no extra time for shenanigans
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.
U guys are super cute together.
I mean, that’s great, but would you start dating someone you didn’t think was attractive initially?
I believe furloughed feds still have health insurance benefits so you're not wrong on that PSA.
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though
Outstandingly well done.
Then we shall duel for it. *Good Fight!*
holy mother of oof
I’m just in awe because this will actually get so many people up in arms.
I would gleefully look forward to a battle where fascist apologists and race baiters utterly destroy each other. Maybe then we can have a civil, unified society.
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]
That poor snek :’(
If that's ice cream, then honestly I eat ice cream from a cup at home. It's great for portion control.
If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.
Hey, that's awesome. I'll be sure to think of some questions for you in the future.
Nope. This guy is legitimately this dumb.
Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir
Will do! Thanks!
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread
Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it 
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. 
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.
Wow excellent shot
Well yeah! Doesn't everyone? I'm in the one about ED. I guess I'm a natural deflator. 🤷
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.
Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.
I like the hints of purple
Her eyes are so dark u can barly see it lol someone should have told her that
Vincentown diner on 206. A lot of farm to table stuff, desserts are excellent, everything I’ve had has been delicious. 
I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick
"Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. ""The harvest is up"" ""People happier than ever"""
Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy
You guys are heartless, smfh.
Haha gutted.
It was a bad one, and you should feel bad. 
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.
Love frank and moody together
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.
I had that moment of “wait, am I the narcissist” too! Thankfully, like you said, time & distance cleared that up. 
Boooo!!
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.
So PST it is. Glad we agree.
this is my new favourite thread
this off season is dark and full of terrors
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!
that's an adventure!
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!
The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh
No. You have to have killed her due to negligence or the like. Manslaughter is essentially the crime of accidentally killing someone because you did something careless.
INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s
I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead
[NAME] i feel personally attacked
Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
People are legitimately monsters.
i would just like you to know that even though that dipshit didnt read what you wrote, i did, and i appreciate it. very good post.
Poor crack baby 😥
Not this time
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.
I bet your all of the rage at parties
Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018
Well, if 10% of active gun owners each convert 4 people, we win :-).
I got matched with the best [NAME] in the world today, it was well fun. Felt happy to win a round ahaha.
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?
Don't hesitate to do it.
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared
It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me
Nice! I'm glad there was a great turnout. Congrats!
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk
Good night, sweet prince. I hope it was a quick one.
Good luck!
Hope you’re ok mate!
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL
I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.
No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.
Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!
So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.
Glad to hear. Thanks for the support.
I AM CERTAIN THIS IMAGE HAS FULLY ACTIVATED MY EXCITEMENT.EXE. bad bot.
Ah I see, thanks for the insight
Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.
Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.
That's the worst urinal ever.
I don’t CARE!
Lol no.
Hope [NAME] is ok to play but if he needs to rest that hand then that's what he should do...
Haha I can imagine! Good on you for doing it though.
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. 
I don't know where exactly but these pictures are really good. Keep it up!
this is proper funny actually
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.
Hey friendo nothing down here but there are ALL SORTS of interesting smells!
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.
Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.
Leave it alone hopefully it won't pop overnight
You're right, that's a solid advice. I will give it some time and if I am unhappy I will start distancing myself. Thanks!
I've never seen anyone do it successfully on a car, but I'll concede that it could definitely be possible.
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious
Ughh same. Love the finish of it just wish it had more coverage.
Heavens to [NAME], guys, thank you so much for the gold! That was super-unexpected, but what a delightful thing to wake up to! :-D
He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money
The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.
That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.
Reality is often disappointing
I played on the Wii and used Windows XP computers up until 2011 lol. The feeling of the 90’s died in 2001 but the pop-culture remained.
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse
Now go to a return? Oh ok, thanks for the store to find something better.
Welcome to the gloaming. Yes.
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️
Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.
You are a true hero
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip
If I may suggest patience, if your data is still there, you might want to read a little before open heart surgery. 
Close the door, you're letting the heat out!
Happy Anniversary!
"But terrible people is my ""type"""
I liked the comeback tho
Nah, I knock on the door from inside, or the wall, or tap the floor, seems easier
I LOVE BASKETBALL
Is this furry_irls equivalent of a tik tok? And I hope more people join in on this I want to see EVERYBODYS sonas and ocs together!
I do have EAP and was lucky enough to get 10 sessions using it. I’ll chat with my boss tomorrow about taking time off. Thank you!
They’re words and they’re hilarious
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)
[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to. 
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️
Proud of you!
Thanks! I’ll be sure to do that!
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.
I also have a boner!
This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks
Thank you so much, I’ll be following this and try to consult my parents Incase I am unsure of what else he may say.
That would be more accurate but less impactful/explanatory of the point the creator is trying to make---it's an illustration of the Apex fallacy.
thank [NAME]. maybe we will finally get to have some proof of life for [NAME] and get some answers about [NAME].
Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt
Those all look like perfectly good cookies or is that the joke
"The Right: ""Why won't the left let us rape, abuse and brainwash children without putting their liberal noses where they don't belong."""
One good thing about vaping When it hits you, you feel no pain. 
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.
I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.
Oh wow Thats definitely something
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. 
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.
That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?
You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.
His performance this weekend reminded me of when [NAME] came into the LCS, he would solo kill every single lane
Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him... 
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!
She is looking like [NAME] to me in this pic.
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.
It's absolutely 100% abuse, as others have said you need to get the hell away from him.
He has actively lied about and misrepresented Canadian laws and legislation, even after he's been corrected. 
If you need to vent or anything, let me know. I'd be glad to chat or even just listen, whatever helps. Stay strong!
This will only help garner support for his side.
[NAME]. Haha r u [NAME]??
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...
What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.
Lol I know right?
Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.
Thx! Happy New Year!
<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.
Please don't come back.
I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!
We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful
I'm concerned they actually have to press a button. Why no dead man's handle?
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.
I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.
Might is generous lol. He totally killed that guy.
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....
Like a turd in a big toilet
You got it, just keep doing whatever you were doing the past 20-whatever days. Constrict that demon, dude.
They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(
Yes it does count
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.
While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.
My mistake lol
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires
Originated joke by:
It's not a fair question.
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!
Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.
No they shouldn't. Mental illness is a serious thing and we shouldn't encourage crazy people but instead help them
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol
I love you.
Oh! Thank you!
Yeah I hope he can play against IU that’d be a huge loss
> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome
[NAME], I'm excited to watch your journey and hope you have massive success! 
A radical departure from the lunacy we have now? Yes.
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂
And if that's the case then there is no helping him. It sucks that those people can't be helped
What a steal that was
Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.
Lol “this is my opinion and it is very true.” You said opinion, didn’t you?
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" "
"The fact that ""TrueChristian"" and ""TrueChristianity"" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."
Without these heroes, we could still be counting on [NAME] to fight off opponents, and a collapsing stadium
Just the name of it gives me anxiety
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.
Did you do it yet? It won’t let me post lol
Happy birthday!
I was just kind of born into it, although ironically I was raised a cubs fan as well.
This guy gets it...
I did. In a selfless sacrifice that I hope brings ample awards.
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.
Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.
We're like bad luck lightning rods. Everybody around us is safe
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day
Does your son do Scratch? My daughter doesn't do fortnite but Scratch is her favourite internet thing and she would love to add new scratch friends.
I made you guys say it, didnt I? Now you all can have 72 virgins inshallah.
Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball
It's a last resort when I forget my iPod, I swear
Thank [NAME].
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.
Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?
That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.
Usually it's not entertainment, it's mostly curiosity and fascination. Like when you see something horrible, but can't turn your eyes away.
Looks just like the snow we've been getting in Halifax recently! (Canada)
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.
In the cap era no goalie has played as much as [NAME] has the last 2 years on a per games basis
I was very tunnel visioned at first haha didn’t even notice the arm
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.
look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.
That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.
That's interesting! Here I am having been saying I grew up near the original all my life. I will correct my story.
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.
I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!
This kid now: fun yay hahoo This kid as a grownup: I regret everything
The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.
From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!
Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. 
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!
the lack of respect for [NAME], [NAME] and the rest of the [NAME] in here is incredible
luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!
I feel like it's a one big woosh
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you. 
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.
Couldnt they just play music through a speaker? This is hilarious
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.
I won't stop crying 😭
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.
Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.
I wish I could retort with peep show memes about nazis and pints now. Haha! Cheers
Makes sense, thanks!
Reality is often disappointing
Pls shut up
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides
I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]
Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth. 
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(
It was stupidmancostume
Lack of content, which led to shipping wars, which destroyed everybody’s minds, which created this.
I am so happy that sub exists
"More like ""thank you sir may I have another"""
Ah I didn't realize I was able to do that. I'm still new to Reddit so I am still learning haha thanks!
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe
Just stop.
I love it here too.
I like this man.
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip
[NAME]. Please, [NAME]. 
Good luck verifying them. All of them.
Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?
Thankfully. We have highly responsible gun owners and our gun control is fairly effective. We have way less violence and people generally can still enjoy them.
I hate these cakes so much.
I'm thankful every day I was in school before the Internet, smart phones and social media.
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works
"Oh like ""both of."" Gotcha. Good times"
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?
Cool story bro
Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh. 
Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.
A drummer's MC is the best MC
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.
You know, I didn’t have an anxiety attack all day. Thanks for ensuring it happened. 
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.
I feel that nobody cares and nothing will be different because this is a total non issue for vast majority of people.
If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.
That's really creepy. What is crazy is that 9 year old's get cell phones now! Times have certainly changed :p.
Our mod is an awesome mod
You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* ""Yo guys watch me throw this cluster"" Honestly embarrassing "
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.
dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!) 
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.
Not sure about [NAME], but I think [NAME] would win easily against [NAME]
Ok guys I'll watch it. When I finish it I'll tell y'all what I think
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.
Lol shit yeah.
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol 
both are bad tho anarchy ftw
It's interesting but would be super impractical as a prosthetic for an amputee or someone with a limb deformity.
"Hopefully he gets what he is looking for. Not sure why some people are getting pissy over this. ""How dare he look out for himself, REEEEEE!"" "
What a shit twat
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again
I think theres a line between edgy and racist that this meme clearly crosses. [NAME] is still funny, this is just racist.
They’re all so damn gorgeous. No complaints here lol
Wow! How does it know?
Oh god I thought he career was long over
not surprised it’s too challenging for you to read
Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates
"""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"""
one quick glance at your comment history negates any value in this comment
"I heard it to the beat ""I want you to want me"" I like your squanch!"
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling
Thank you for that :) I'm not OP but I am really happy to read your comment.
Thank you.
my gawd! This is adorable!
I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so
I'm always happy to have you in my box.
It *feels* unethical?
I don't need a pogram. The best targ killers are other targs
edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang 
Ooh I thoughy today was last day. Damn it I spent 10 hrs playing HvV today😑.
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...
This exact scene, as a matter of fact, haha.
Thanks bud, hope it’s a great one!
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.
I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.
Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.
For her? Nah
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action
Thanks for the clarification :)
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].
I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.
That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it
Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine. 
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign
Ayyy exactly!
Her accent!! I died.
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. 
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point 
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies
thank you for your answer
Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.
i hate furries
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+
"i guess there is nothing wrong if i say ""May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness"" And yes, that was directed towards you"
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots 
That's no excuse.
DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected. 
Well all I can say is I'm sorry and May [NAME] open your heart one day.
I LOVE THIS TEAM
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.
Nah it's cool. We love you. Please don't do terrible things.
You're clearly reporting all of my comments, and then acting like you don't know why they could get deleted haha, that's hilarious.
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.
So happy I bought a PC. If you’re looking for a better experience across ALL games I suggest you do the same.
I fucking cant stop laughing. It's so bad it's good.
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.
Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!
cool story bro
I'm in Printer's Row, but I do have a car so I might just go check it out. Thanks!
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be
what lmao get a grip dude
That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic
Good. Nevsun shouldn't be flaking culpability in this matter. They are directly funding the organizations responsible for it.
this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me
holy shit that person is a fucking asshole, talk about a huge red flag for your stepbrother.
Hello. I’m sorry you’re going through that. Why do you think it’s impossible to leave?
Oh man. You're the cutest.
I love the aunt. Hope she doesn't back down.
Hoping to make it to Seattle soon. I’ll make sure to reach out.
we are scared on /r/bengals rn
Eat better.
Don't apologize it has nothing to do with you, everyone here understands that.
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.
I mean it sucks but that man looks deaded
Something my mom always told me is to say what you’re going to use a gift for in your thank you note.
Underrated comment 🤣
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.
We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition
Compelling argument, in line with expectation
If you keep grinding you could become rookie of the year 2020 imo
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?
cheers for the replies guys. appreciated
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.
May [NAME] SWT bless you, protect you, guide you, and keep you active in this faith. Welcome to al [RELIGION] =)
happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic
This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year
Hope you're doing okay!
Thanks bot!
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.
The line the reviews were not positive made me laugh for some reason.
I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.
at least it rhymes,i'll give you that
It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us
I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.
So much fake news.
That's a great trailer. [NAME] needs more scars though.
The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.
Our ancestors took this land at great loss and developed into something greater than they were capable of being. Their descendants have the rightful claim to the land.
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.
I don’t think it’ll happen solely because of UA, however that’ll surely be cool if it does happen
True but I think we should be able to strike a deal for less than 50-60m which is worth it in today's market imo
Wow! You definitely Trader Joes. Do they have chocolate covered pretzel balls? I have been looking for those forever.
Look at her all grown up 😍beautiful.
oh right that was a huge leap my bad
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it. 
Doesn't mean any of those thing you liked are going to change. Not immediately anyways.
I accept your failure and wish you a good day.
You need help.
Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.
Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!
I like turtles.
Just like demar used to do lol
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.
You are an amazingly strong person!
In my school we have specific councilors for the students matched alphabetically. Mine just sucks.
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day
im still starving
Oh boy, yeah.
BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!
That's pretty cool. My friends older brother played against him. We all played for Cherokee. Said he was an awesome pitcher.
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).
I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.
Alright thanks, I was so confused for a sec. Thought [NAME] pointed to an uneven bump on the ground 
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.
Yes, this. I love this film.
And I like the taste
Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you. 
[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].
Why did you post my autobiography
Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell
Thanks for the advice!
I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now
That poor janitor.
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.
I like Kyber
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.
Wow starters before 6 min mark?? Insane
I hope [NAME] does some more music soon
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.
Haha be careful how you bring this up to him, maybe say you read his note, or he might think you’re out to get him
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..
No that's stupid
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.
Puny god! Love it
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.
Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.
they're a bit expensive anyways
I needed this in my life
"Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the ""protect your loved ones"" situation. "
That was easily the best one. The lyric ended, but somehow he just kept going. 
Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order
She deserves to know.
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.
I want to SO bad
What's the Pi IPcam you set up? Link? Sounds interesting.
Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.
That's the only way us [NAME] can successfully learn the hardest language in the world. /s
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity
Don't you understand, the people affected are [shuffles deck] able to get a 0% loan until the shutdown is over.
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.
Except [NAME] is worse
That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.
Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha
thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment
I fucking love New Years day with the Hawks playing in the Winter Classic
That's pretty much ALL complaining...
Absolutely ripping for that show. Really excited to see what they play!
*Chocolate thugs don't mess around* That's interesting though. Something to look forward to when you wake up
Indeed. And good on those that do so. I wish those I've heard complain about what they don't know would be so proactive.
What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!
Lol oooops!
Thanks! I’m Excited To See How This Meme Become In The Future!
I’m finding lots of tribes here, thankfully. Between [NAME] and a narc mom & sister, I am extra screwed.
Remember to tuck and roll!
I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.
This is absolutely beautiful.
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].
Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK
Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' 
i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned 
drink ur milk and you'll grow to be a big strong man
Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.
Poor [NAME] doesn't deserve that!
Entire planet should be good
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe
Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various? 
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.
Thank you!
Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.
Iss all good now but thanks!
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(
Totally agree, but what is Scott's Totts?
Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol 
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.
Love pasta. Not a fan of cosmos. I’ll take an aperol spritz though 😍
Damn this is experience talking.
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.
It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol
Oh trust me I'm aware haha.
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.
Oh yeah didn’t notice the username. Yeah please do. I just recently got into photography. Total noob but I love it.
You're amazing. I'd buy it :)
[NAME] Falafel in Dearborn has some of the best around.
This has been my dream for years!!!
Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.
He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣
i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!
Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.
If at first you don’t succeed...welp, nevermind.
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead
Thanks!
I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.
books are good
To be fair, actresses who are famous enough to be stopped on the red carpet get that question at almost any formal event they go to.
The truly great thing about this is how he looks down, disgusted, as if the comment were down there 😂
Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...
That was the moment I fell in love with [NAME]. He was also really good in Frier Fall (Free Fall).
There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.
Beautiful, nice work
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.
Thank you for this, so excited!
LOL thank you for this, it made me genuinely laugh. They're so weird
Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now
What is love
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck
The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.
"Yeah. ""HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?"" [NAME]"
American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.
Thanks for the info! I will definitely try my hardest now that I know what to do. I really appreciate your help.
groceries are getting crazy expensive
Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?
Nice glad to hear man!
Theyre asking for a leak, not a theory
I like you. Yes, you.
Pretentious erection is going to be the name of the lawyer funk band that I’m going to bring into existence someday.
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.
Not paranoid , just cautious I do the same thing buddy I'm not going to leave it up to chance 
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid
This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!
[NAME] thanks dude
Triggered much druggie? Lol
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.
This was literally the first examole that came to mind for me hahaha
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage
Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.
they place it neatly in the basket and the ball thanks them for their manners
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.
You're so special and quirky :D
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!
This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.
Sure. Let’s start with the terrorists with the biggest guns. How about Israel, or Saudi Arabia? 
Love mine too. t-shirt
Happy New Year Everybody!
Best of luck with your new religion.
not really, no
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.
12 players had points! Everyone except [NAME] had a shot on goal!
Interesting. I’m wondering if nutritional therapy might help her.
Beautiful... Thanks for sharing!
This is so cool! I love the hat.
my favourite depictions of [NAME] and the gang are the ones where [NAME] is stoic and sassy and [NAME] and [NAME] are super emotional goofballs
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great
This made my day lol
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.
Thank you. Take the upvote!
Thank you.
Can I just say that the Elizabeth Line is still a bloody stupid name, and no I don't think I'll just get used to it.
Same truly adds to making La Liga the great league it is.
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you
Thanks [NAME]
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!
Needs funny captions.
Man. Just tuned in. Forgot it was an early game. Looks like it's been a positive game so far from pretty much everyone.
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong
In that case, I’m appalled. 
I would think terrible, awful things.
That's the funniest mental image I've had in a very long time!
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.
Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.
Made my day
This is fantastic
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober
That’s a pretty cool TIL
i just giggled like a girl.
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.
Thank you for being willing to learn
thanks for this
Hell yeah bois
[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!
Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!
Maybe this will convince them we need mass transit! Haha.
My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection. 
This is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long time. I hope the intro went well.
Oh no the poor man
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!
I’m so sorry that happened to you. Are you feeling okay now? Thank you for the concern. ❤️❤️❤️
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.
I was inspired by your post to grab a thing of Greek yogurt with pineapple I've got in the fridge. Hell yeah.
I feel you. It's weird that we don't see [NAME] or [NAME] in the promotional stuff though.
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.
"They get pissy about ""automatic defenses"" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy."
Shipping container? More like an entire aircraft carrier covered in it.
well i’m proud of you and that’s awesome
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!
I love this meme, killem with memes
I will pray for your marriage. After we win.
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.
I don't know him well but I have met him a few times through a mutual friend. Really nice guy and very young for his age.
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.
I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].
Lol. Yes, the contractors know
Great game! Got more intense as it went on.
Wonderful, [NAME] can just go ahead and quit politics right now then. (ref)
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.
Sorry, is Russia depicted in the cartoon?
That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.
"Glad it finally made it.. I was beginning to think ""[NAME], I hope this guy doesnt think I welched on the bet"". LOL"
I love you raccoon go blazers
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America
You must have depression and anxiety.
this is such a happy video
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.
You're right, but you forgot to mention they are registered [NAME]
The evergreen looks pretty great, no clue on the price unfortunately. 
Man I love wicker park and buck town ! Give them their flair !
I don't know what the main broadcast is like, but the MNF crew is amazing.
This was actually good until the bird came in.
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries
I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so
Possibly cool idea not well thought out
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.
All I know is everyone is Tuscaloosa considers this season an abysmal failure.
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.
That sounds terrible.
with a locker room like this is looking to be, I don't think Ohio State is done losing games that they shouldn't
His fingers have swelled with pride.
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars
really clever lol
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.
Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.
I am sorry that you are experiencing such deep suffering and such pain. You matter in this world, and we would all be diminished without you.
Hey if any are left, I'd like to happily donate!
doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.
I'll pass.
Where’s your shop my dude? I’m in Sydney I’ll come visit for a haircut
If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children
Gotta love the mermaid gems.
Ah yes, the standard midwestern transplant rite of passage. “THIS ISNT COLD LOL IM FROM WESHUBEKAUAN MINNESOTA AND YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT COLD IS”
I’m scared to fall asleep——-
nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think
This is kinda cute
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person
yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!
"I wish they can a option to change it back after the ""upgrade"" because it feels more like a downgrade"
Aww. That's cute. You're right back at square one.
Lmao that guy is awesome. You know he probably just found his new hobby.
Please stop using that term.
> Nothing mentioned about him thinking to transfer. That's what this whole thread is about, dork.
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.
Once we win week 1 next season this sub will turn around lol
Please don't.
I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition
Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.
It's so simple. Problem solved.
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt
Now this is some good fucking content
Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]
Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine
Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up
She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her
No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.
It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol
My gym coach used to make a buch of two pack jokes. This was before [NAME] died so it was alot funnier
This is probably a bit buried, but it’s very informative: thank you for taking the time to write it!
thanks a ton!
Uhh. Okay. Lol.
The best ad placement.
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.
I just can’t. I love you [NAME], thanks for the laughs always x 
I love it. She really snapped.
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.
I’d gladly
This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.
Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.
I’M HOT ALL THE TIME :( pre-pregnancy I was cold a lot. This is worse.
Thank you sis!
I hate those days man... So triggering
You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.
Free fish...nice
That ending made me so fucking happy. Fuck that guy. Congrats to you.
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?
Nailed it!!!
I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown
You’re a damn good grandma, good wishes for your grandson and good luck!
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them
I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.
LOL this. I would love to see that.
Well he is saying the right sort of things. I'm glad [NAME] won but I'd like to see [NAME] come back well.
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable
take up english sometime, you might enjoy it.
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!
Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!
No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I. 
Nah let's not be those people.
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.
Absolutely terrible. But wholesome aswell.
I really like your writing!
Funny when I hear people claim a breed is dangerous, I automatically assume they are trash.
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol
Probably alive. At the end of the video we see him getting up and he doesn't have any visible injuries.
After reading this comment, I wholeheartedly hope the rest of your life is beyond wonderful. 🤣
I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks
I wish I could say the same, I feel like something important would happen and I wouldn’t know
Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.
thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D
An entire family gone within minutes... how absolutely heartbreaking.
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.
to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^
you should definitely negotiate and ask. you have nothing to lose by asking. good luck!
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.
100% this is enough to make me want to watch
I had this back in 2012 so no not at all LOL
I still enjoy the content here sometimes, but....finally! This post nailed it.
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. 
Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life
Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...
Look at you, this is excellent. 👏🏻 I really love this. 
His left hand is mightily fucked.
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.
It’s broken garbage. The most broken unbalanced tekken game by so much it will make your eyes bleed and give you a brain tumor.
If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.
"She always says the most basic things""wow he hit him"" and her lisp is pretty annoying."
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion 
"New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. ""she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"""
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.
Someone else said that, I never examined it that closely because I was too busy having a good laugh lol.
Lindt don’t fuck about
Wonderful :D, she looks like [NAME] from Frozen, or [NAME] form Dota 2. Great job!
I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.
So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM
"Haha ""like a snake on a toddler"". "
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?
I would consider it a date! Plus dancing (ballroom) is intimate...hope you have fun and good luck!
Wet dreams don't count
"Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell ""faggot"" the same way. Same dude confirmed."
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha
Beautiful. I really hope some justice is brought to these people.
Sorry its such a long post guys
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks 
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?
Meth is a hell of a drug.
I need the band name on his hoodie for, professional reasons!
My comment wasn't aimed at you... try to relax
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.
The amount of Islamophobic media bias is disturbing.
Yeah I agree with you tbh. A rough patch of form from us and the 5 point lead could be gone fast
i am uncomfortable
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in. 
This is simple but great.
Lol you're scared
Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢
Gonna use this on my kids tomorrow, thanks kindly
I moved from the midwest to AK about 6 months ago. Loving the Mat- Su winter compared to the midwest. DO NOT miss the wind at all.
You have to be REALLY old to be too old to appreciate rap music. Rap music started in the 1970s.
Yeah thats gucci man. You wander off into needy territory if she says no and you pester and beg her.
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.
She's on quite the journey of discovery about herself atm. Excellent meme-terial.
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)
I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.
Females would be pressured the other way obviously
Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]
Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...
This is much better! Good mods [T]/
The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!
Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.
Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME]. 
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] all at top tier make me happy
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.
I still love figment!
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.
Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)
Now you’re repeating yourself. Boy bye #wasteoftime. Have fun trying to call this company and their products bunk when everyone loves them haha
Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch
Aw thank you! Glad you enjoyed it :)
Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.
> traffic through there in the summer is awful because that’s where everyone wants to be. your life starts to revolve around bridge time.
Oh that's cheating then lol
These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.
I agree, but with having [NAME] and [NAME] on, he was still our MOTM. 
[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe
Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.
Crap. Well, it's still horribly high on Vancouver Island... Wonderful.
She doesn’t deserve the hate. That mug, ladies and gentlemen, is phenomenal
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled. 
that's some nice evidence you got there.
Thank you.
Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.
Lol thanks! I thought it was funny but apparently my humor isn’t for everyone.
"Yeah like ""oh yeah? No shit?"""
I guessed this
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Oh believe me, we’d love that too
Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!
Love it! It’s somewhat realistic. Maybe not that THAT degree, but I enjoyed it.
LOVE JAMES TOO
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl
Is that for hazmat? And thanks bro👊
“That’s up to you” Clearly it is not up to you, or you wouldn’t have had a flipping miscarriage! 
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!
Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them
Thank you. I’ll look into those books.
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome
Glad you liked it!
[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*
Good try now turn the lights on.
Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?
Thank you [NAME] for helping us keep our wisdom!
I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.
No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights. 
Eeeee busted, I couldn’t help myself hehe. 
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.
I like Kate spade
Ecosystem in a puddle, nice
The new live-action movie looks great!
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.
No it wouldn't you dumbass
I'm told I look like [NAME] with a ponytail but I wanna look like [NAME]
This, great soundtrack to
Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right
I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad
Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!
Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.
HAHAHAHA... Damn it.... I knew that was coming. Alright, I will try to upload it into this thread on my lunch break.
Congrats to you
Then [NAME] took little Donnie Two Scoops out to get a happy meal because he's been such a good top businessman!
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.
Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie
Lol, no one can say that because you don’t know who the fucking shooter is. What’s going through your head?!
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!
Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck
Damnit--good point.
Don't get the downvotes. I found it funny
That goat is a bro I'd prolly try to buy him for where ever he came from
Damn fine post 👏👏👏 damn fine.
Basically he is trying to start something based on a lie, not good. If I were you, I wouldn't see this person again.
I was going to comment the same thing! I love the disheveled newscaster vibe he and [NAME] created for the show.
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!
No problem mate. If you're looking for activities, give these boys a look: 
I'm hoping this is a 12 year old trying to be funny
Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.
I miss you big strong daddy
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.
This pleases me.
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.
Those fries look delicious!!!
Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.
I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.
NOLA is a terrible place to live, ran by democrats forever and this is the result. 
I'm excited as a Lions fan.
Post them all! Love old pics.
I enjoy the harsh throat hit, reminds me of cigs. Edit: Mango is still my favorite though.
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.
As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.
lol, yes. But last time I posted, a lot of people were complaining there was no audio. So I mentioned it in title.
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times
He’s been a duke homer since the 90s lol at this point In his career we know what we’re getting with [NAME]
Been spamming [NAME] in gold/plat elo, nashors into lich bane then hourglass is disgusting if you play it right.
[NAME] please don’t come to the USA. We’d love to have you...but you don’t need to deal with this.
This is great. Good Yard!
Y'all just joking but I want to hear what they eat, and I want pictures too so [NAME] step your game up 
She just did a story about hitting 3k followers.. all thanks to HHH lol
*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*
You had good heals.
That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum
I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.
Nice job censoring u/alexneverafter right there
You summed it up perfectly. I can’t even say anything else because I have nothing else better to say.
Happy B'day for Thursday!
I’m making pretty decent money doing Gun Rush. I love it. Discovered I like 1-life modes for this game.
Thank you, this is genuinely helpful. 
Lmao, I really messed this up. Loved your replies in the og thread, mate, keep up the good work :). 
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites. 
Finally got this in the mail today. I'm pretty excited. My favorite ballplayer.
no, the epilogue has one ending.
Thanks for clearing that up for me, now I know that I do not need to rush a play-through of the game. :)
Yea its really dissapointing
[NAME] wore them today. Trying to be like her crush, [NAME]. It's kind of sweet.
Damn i am sad that got deleted
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..
Fuck these calls
Please no.
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.
That's how I apologize to carists, too
A whale would probably choke to death if it tried to swallow you.
Be yourself and be kind. That matters more than tiny differences. ❤️
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.
this sort of creativity is awesome to see. play calling done right. chargers going to stomp the pats this weekend
Such grace.
So very sweet! Brotherly love
You’re right, I figure I can see just a few games and it might be more fun to watch them with some fellow fans
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea
this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.
Dont forget [NAME]. He was a reliever converted to starter. Hes got some ridiculous pitches just needs to work on consistancy
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!
I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool
I dont watch battle rap. Do these guys come up with these on the spot, because that's amazing.
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by. 
What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I don’t see an issue. 
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing
you're just pretending you dont know what this cartoon is about, it's utterly ridiculous. 
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.
It never ends well
Cool idea, I’d love one
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.
Very sorry for your loss.
What’s worse is that the judge and businessman are old college buds.
Agree!!
im putting my faith in you son
I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.
That's the worst possible outcome
Fuck sake man
Also said he’s had a really good season lol
I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.
I don't want [NAME] to lose her job is all. She's a rare teacher who loves her job and students once you help her out and all..
i hope kawhi doesnt step foot outside its cold af today
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh 
Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!
Different color for different people, please and thank you.
FaceTime actually sounds like a brilliant solution. I don't know why I didn't think of that, but I'm glad you did! 
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!
Thanks. Nice input as always.
Cute but I dont like where this is going
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.
We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.
[NAME] saying she works all year. Most people work all year that’s normal!!!
We made a big raft of inflatables on Little Bay and listened to the Hottest 100. Good times. The water is finally nice and warm.
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!
Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised. 
Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.
Thanks dude!
My favorite band :) I recommend them to anyone who is looking for something new to listen to. Fun and unique. I love them so much.
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible. 
I'm glad he's still watching
Thanks!! :)
Fuck your opinion apparently
The absolute worst!
It's crisp, no filler material. Interesting protagonists. Amazing music. Good way to spend 6 hours.
Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.
That [NAME] laugh gets me everytime. League pass commercial breaks are the best.
Credentials are just the type of the iceberg. I know people who got married lying about their marital status and sexual orientation.
I love how people complain about too many midfielders yet still want [NAME].
Drives me crazy.
"""You people""? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic."
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!
<3 BTW it does sound like you're generally doing brilliantly, all things considered. 
Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.
That's a fantastic reply! Thanks.
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach
Sounds magical!
I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.
I hope you’re okay. I’m here to talk if you need someone
the girl looked the happiest out of all of them to get a puck, that man is amazing
If things don't fit, or you suspect them to be fiction, please report them. We do read those reports and take action on them.
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time
One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen
I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!
Boondock Saints, a brilliant documentary on the South Boston psyche 
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen... 
Don't feel guilty. If you don't leave it will be continuing the cycle of abuse for your children.
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.
Oh, awesome!
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.
I hate betting unders.
He looks cute, but if you have drugs in your underwear, he will attac. 
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. 
Edgy bro.
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.
they both rugged, worn, and wrinkled, like fine leather !
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes. 
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!
Haha look at that poor person slime, can’t even afford the wire hahaha
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.
You good.
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.
It's free hand but thanks for the input 👍
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<
You sound like a creep dude
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.
Don't do that. Only villains do that.
You weren’t here for the original wording but thanks for playing.
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully
Watch the movie. Its worth it
Well I am the son of a parent who legally immigrated from the [RELIGION] country of Turkey so no thanks jackass.
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.
I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great 
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?
I was kidding.
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.
Cool story bro!
Wow these are amazing
"""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."""
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?
Not a problem! I feel for everyone of you ladies, and yall all my my sympathy and empathy. 
great show.
C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.
It's not just what he said, it was the way he said it. Good stuff.
I'm elated to hear that 🤗
So in that case I'd be able to look at what I'm about to lose until I come back the next round 😅
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.
Seriously, you wanna give me singles? Awesome. I don't have to ask management AGAIN for more ones. XD 
This is awesome!
So edgy.
Thanks, I really appreciate your advice :) 
I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead
Man I love reddit.
All the best!
Holy shit he hit him hard
Great if your traveling abroad is limited or predominantly confined to the continent. Otherwise not so much.
Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..
where’s that tashy bastard
This is the bus station way outside the city center and nowhere near the sea Edit: Unfortunately Turkey does lack aesthetic appeal outside Istanbul tourist areas
Okay, two men's fault.
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one
I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.
ROFL! Just about! Didn’t know someone’s eyes could bug out of their head like that outside of cartoons. ;-)
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?
We accept the love we think we deserve - Perks of Being a Wallflower
Surely anyone can submit an application for a writ of habeas corpus?
you deserve love too
Nah, some cake sniffers were enjoying the books way before.
I’m reading Homegoing by [NAME] and it’s so good! It reminds me of Pachinko, which I also loved. 
This is awesome. I have so much junk in my head that I need to address the way you describe. Thanks for sharing.
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)
Good on your manager for having your back as well
What a sweet “welcome to your new home!”
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.
So you’re telling me you think [NAME] is better than [NAME] whatever you say man
I more than half expected there to be an AK in there. Still very much impressed.
Not super subtle with my water tool on top though. Thank god for my backyard!
Looking through the lives of various figures of the New Atheist movement in the social and political change they sought to create and how it stacked up with reality.
Love him.
You two are perfect for one another.
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.
 Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high
Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.
"I'd go with ""Thanks"" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is."
I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. 
Oh. That is unfortunate
We do? Strong disagree.
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day
There I did it for you.
"not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like ""have a blessed day"" or whatever kinda creep me out. "
I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers
"I love how some people have the mindset ""children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."""
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.
Now this I like.
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!
It's the wisdom of the fool.
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!
okay, this is epic!
That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!
It's an interesting case study in scams
Thanks love you
Wow.... So many people here apparently don't know poly relationships exist.... Just say thanks. Why would it be weird?
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.
[NAME] is amazing...
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol
I think it's ridiculous that we continue to pay taxes to fund paychecks that federal workers aren't receiving.
"""Lol, hold my craft beer."""
I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.
Sure thing my dude. You keep on doing you. I wish you the best, good luck.
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that
If you're going out with a big group then this doesn't seem so bad. Everyone gets something to eat and it's fun.
So brave!
I dont believe you
This...is so beautiful. The stuff of dreams for sure. ❤️
They are so damn handsome!
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
What a nice sub
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)
I do. That thing about your mom is weird. Go get help.
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
Let their deaths be swift
That looks disgusting.
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕
Ah this is awesome! I would love even just a couple of these.
He was the best hitter in baseball 2017 ST. That's not a joke. What happened since is a few things, but he was.
Oh I hate him even more now.
I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)
I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].
This card has been awesome so far. Great debut for ESPN.
bruh is trash and has been for a long long time. y'all won. congrats. see you in Death Valley.
I’m glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Thank you.
Love this picture
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.
Thanks. I appreciate the candor. I also agree with what you’re saying.
Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.
He has a lot of patience. 😆
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] 
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:
Not just that. Falling oil prices really hit Iran very hard (and is about to hit Iraq's next year budget hard next year as well).
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"""
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
Ssssssh, don't tell them. It's a natural way to filter the gene pool from stupid people. 
I love a good leg pop
It doesn't matter. You can pick someone with the #1 Pick that will never be any good...
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!
Nah, I'm good. But thanks.
A stork bite your baby?!?! *kidding*
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !
You don't get it man
He had a hat trick with Cruz Azul in what I think was his debut in the CONCACAF Champions League. Really wish he was given more of a chance
I love democracy
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.
and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...
Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.
U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.
Yeah, no
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.
How are they assholes?
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.
I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(
I love this guy.
The housemate is a genius!
Canaryproject.org is great. They hold people accountable for saying horrible racist things.
You don’t know what would happen if you lost weight, so why don’t you focus solely on that step first.
Hey, she's pretty hot
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.
"How the hell is that comment ""holding the GM accountable"""
The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.
Oh lol, source? Just interested to see what changed his mind
Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps
Every time I see MCC news I get briefly excited for PC news. I really need to stop :(
Yeah, I might have used the wrong word.
Ohh it gets even more interesting:
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.
That’s unfortunate
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)
I agree. The funny part *is* the funny part.
Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.
I have clinical depression so my mind pretty much has this outlook on any slight thing that doesn't go my way in life. Thanks for your comment.
looks like got damn shoe leather.
i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many
*I hate laughing!*
I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)
I want to die
Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything
Welcome to the club. You'll notice that I didn't say anything about degrees or certification, just the quality of your understanding.
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell? 
Does not look bad! Thnx!
Love taking my girl out for sush
I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.
Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite
This is straight up depressing
Thanks for all the down votes!
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.
This really hurts my feelings.
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.
Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.
Haha .. In pakistan 47 is the normal temp during summer... Lol noob.. Gg ez
Lol it's not a bad dance, what's cringe worthy is people getting so upset over a video game 
I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots
Ahh, alright. I'd no idea hahah
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution
Thanks! I'm glad you got a kick out of it.
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box
Your dog is soooo cute
Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone 
Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.
Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.
This sounds like a great idea!
I went to McDonald’s and ate. I guess I also enjoy psychological manipulation
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.
Thank you. I really appreciate the help
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.
The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?
Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..
Don't date broke/jobless women. I have a job and I always offer to pay the bill or split.
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same
Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.
I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues. 
Dude is hilarious
I accidentally drop acid all the time. It's pretty commonplace, from what I hear. Just hang out at home.
EXACTLY. gimme some muscly arms and a little bit of a belly. I'd take that over a rock hard body any day of the week.
"""Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!"" "
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.
I mean, it's aight
Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.
Have a lovely day.
I love how they cannibalize each other.
good luck! i recently left the floor for an office job and couldn’t be happier.
Thank you brother. I saw you once!
.. :< you're welcome ;;
Fun fact about this band is [NAME] the Black Keys and countless other stuff) has produced all of their albums.
I learned a lot from helping my dad work on his car, namely how to stand very still and quiet while someone loses their shit over something.
I wish I could :( tried
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it
Lawdaddy and dadturion the ultimate combo.
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.
"I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of ""Wes-tern Australia""."
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME]. 
This hurts my brain
I love this, and #2
my little abomination
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? 
Happy birthday and cake day! I hope you find a little bit of joy somewhere in your journey today.
[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.
Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]
This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.
[NAME] vs [NAME] has been a great match... hope [NAME] can give a fight for the fourth set!
Loved that damn [NAME]
Shut up and stop trolling. You're not funny
Not exactly a question but thanks for all you did on the Mets.
Thank you sm
That hop/shuffle is scary
Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!
nearly choked on my chicken breast
LOL I think I'm the opposite, once I rehearse in my head, I mess up completely; I'm way better at improvising. 
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.
OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).
shitposts are hazardous to your health.
Don't be an asshole
Yeah I’ve been watching these videos and they are great. Really well done.
It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal
Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.
Damn dude, nice delts
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. 
heck
Wtf is a weeb
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
I'm so glad [NAME] is better looking than how he's depicted in UFC EA 3
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )
This is amazing haha. I think he’s got the type of personality to win too.
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!
bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.
Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.
Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.
Only 27? Lol
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene
Love the username
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic
I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.
North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town
I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him
[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up
natural selection will rape her anyway so...
One elite run stopper please thanks
Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)
lol comment of the night. thank you.
Thank you, see was that so hard
you got me for a sec. I was like wow.. that's kind of a weird thing to find h-ohhhh damnit! got me. XD
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?
Mate it's been nice the last couple weeks. You're gonna die when a stormy period arrives.
If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.
Plz explain the TeamViewer thing. Im interested.
"""They didn't get [NAME]. They got [NAME]."" - [NAME] on draft night That boy gud!"
yes:)
Omg lmao 🤣🤣🤣
thats really kind, thanks stranger
She got exactly what she wanted.
I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad
It’s actually thoroughly thought through. Thanks for the comment. It’s just evidently not for you.
WE ARE WINNING THIS GAME
holy crap that's messed up.
But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...
it’s amazing how he is already just about my favourite skater ever.
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.
OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.
Idk how but that's nice
Hope the horses are ok
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her ""personality shining"""
I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking
I like the earthquake that occurs after she falls. Glad the cameraman got that on video.
I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.
Consider yourself lucky haha. I used to call my local radio station daily to request they play it ‍♀️
Im sure you’ll love it
I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come. 
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time
You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell. Do.you know [NAME] ign?
Such a beautiful cinematic shot.
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT 
Bit too left for me lol
Awesome, thanks. Great answer.
I think thats dumb and simplistic. You really can't boil down the sociology of race by comparing it to 2+2=4.
Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Thank [NAME] someone else though so!
SHUT THAT SOFT ASS SHIT UP
I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.
What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol
Those pearls are the worst, ugh.
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot
I need a woman like this in my life
Damn it, karen
Yeah that is the consensus I got for sure. Looking for a new place to live lol
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.
Oh [NAME] is serious about trying to win this game huh
That's just damn creepy.
May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$
How can you look at that. it hurts.
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp
You're a [NAME], wizard.
Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !
What? No way do I want to see a Boston coach behind our bench!
Oh gosh dang it
Thank you for sharing!
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!
i think u mean symfuhny lol
Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back
I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.
I couldn’t agree with you more!
I think the book portrayal is more ambiguous than you say. I like that the show leans into one interpretation of her character instead of keeping it vague.
Lol sometimes I do feel like punching someone who I feel is whispering about me ,if I am drunk it would be very bad 😂
Seeing this makes me happy. I hope this is true :)
I agree with you. [NAME] would be awesome here.
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(
This is just a terrible joke
This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.
Holy crap, that movie was bad.
I can't tell if you're serious.
Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps
I’d throw it back in for sure 👍🏼 🎣
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship 
Why not streamlining that: the fine could be converted to the coverage for the poor students. A good gesture from legislators would help so much.
 that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. 
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s
Oxygen thief is an amazing phrase and I am going to start using it allllll the time, thanks!
in this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source
1: you deserve it 2: I think you're neat 3: literally it's no problem, I really like talking to you. honestly. 
[NAME] what a stupid job
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.
Imagine being upset by this
I hope I have your chemistry knowledge one day
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you
I mourn for you anti-intellectuals
See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)
Thanks. I appreciate your advice. It is what I was looking for. Thanks again.
Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.
Don't read, it just gets worse! 
Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.
Fuck calm down [NAME]
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.
up shut fuck the
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.
That’s so cute!
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻
You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.
I don't live there just have family there.
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.
Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad
This is quite common on people on such forums. I have a feeling they are a tad sarcastic.
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.
Shut up you shill /s
[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here
s p o o k y
I like this one.
Would be fun if our sun was like this :3
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad
Fake was the right call either way.
Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age
> a mother in law unit Apropos of this and not the main thing.. lol! We call them granny flats in Aus :)
I'm so proud of you!
That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!
Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man
This is actually kinda funny
Cause schools the world over teach a unit about Alaska. OP is an oaf who's never left their hometown.
This one is cute
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.
Sling yoghurt hahaha omg x I’m 19 yeh so pretty young but what a phrase
Sooo inappropriate and sooo awkward. He looked so uncomfortable and [NAME] wouldn't stop. I hated watching that scene.
Thanks, I hate constant reposts.
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.
Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?
For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. 
It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback
Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.
you seem fun!
It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.
PLEASE!!! That’s on a PERFECT day! I live here. Trust me. NOT always that simple!
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.
Because we’re fucking geniuses.
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!
Is that the only symptoms you’ve noticed? Are you normally worried for social situation?
Love your username!
I feel genuine sorrow for your family having to be associated with a cretin such as yourself
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.
It will be interesting if there is a response to that at the federal level.
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.
Clever!!!
Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.
Now THAT’S funny!
Haha, I love that! :) I'll see if he's interested now
I expect him to perform similar to 2017, though I'm hoping he breaks out (3~4 WAR).
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
Bad luck you’re in Beckton
My new favorite phrase.
Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice
You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.
Yeah the last one made me laugh
It's my masterpiece.
the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy
That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.
Guilty Gear actually did that before with Guilty Gear Isuka. It was, uh...not good. Really fuck-awful, actually. 
Such a good one
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.
Nice job.
Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.
>Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?
Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!
Damn. [NAME]
No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.
Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!
Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**
Yeah it’s a repost, I saw this same exact post in a different subreddit couple months ago
Fucking pouliot you're shit
That’s amazing. You’re all amazing
You’re like not wrong but I wanted to play up the immaturity. I’ll go back and edit
That would be me lol; glad it made you laugh
That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me
Can’t wait to go!
This is where the run starts boys!
Frankly, I'm continuously shocked that more than 35% of the population actually think he's doing a good job. 
This was such a pleasure to watch. I wish more episodes were like Brianne.
This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.
Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet
I want the Bears to get to the Superbowl because they haven't won one in three decades and my dad is a lifelong Bears fan.
that’s beautiful. are you sure it’s only twelve feet though? it seems much taller
That's cute love it!
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.
Glad to hear it :) definitely more on the way!
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.
The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.
That young [NAME] looking dude is intense!
[NAME], this really is stunning
Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.
love that guy
I'm on mobile but clearly I need to get on desktop! edit: am on pc, is wonderful!
Chasing thoughts and storing tension in your hands is how you distract yourself from feeling social tension and empathy. You need to allow yourself to feel these feelings.
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.
Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.
Ugh, just give me some Metallica, [NAME] and the damn puck drop.
They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!
Try a group called Our Companions website: people who care a great deal.
This look is fab you can't call everything cringe just because it's eureka
I'm not falling for this again Uncle [NAME].
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!
Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.
I love it when they have those realistic conversations where people interrupt eachother and talk over eachother. It makes it more relatable
Congrats I’m very happy for your happy ending. Wish you guys many many years of happiness together
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.
Fair enough but I would imagine it's a small enough number that we can deal with. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater...pun intended
I believe it's free
I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1
Looks sooooo good~
"Thank you, [NAME]. I really like how you've summed up your own ""soft theist"" position. :-)"
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
Clear lake is really nice (I’ve lived there for 5 years) and I’ve heard clear lake school district treats their teachers well.
I've had them for as long as I can remember ;)
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.
Lol just watched this episode
We have freeish speech. If you can be prosecuted for something you say then you can't in any way that we have free speech.
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.
This is a wholesome confession lol
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.
I don’t believe any of that is true all hearsay no proof of any of that .
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.
The fun part is that she can be a bigot and he can also be a bigot.
Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.
haha me neither.
I hated that smug ass lawyer.
What a great word
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it
They're not the brightest bunch.
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. 
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀
This was funny the first time, now this jokes been beaten to death so badly.
At least this makes me feel better about not being photogenic. It’s the cameras fault!
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.
I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.
You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.
You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.
This is awesome! Do you want people to RSVP? Or are you doing this first come, first served?
Happy birthday [NAME]
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!
Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.
To be fair, they did call it a horror. 
I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost
yep, i think you should just try to be as honest as you can about how you feel, how it affects your daily life, etc
I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.
Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.
I laughed. Finally
Thank you... I'll try but can't promise anything
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats
Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans
This sounds so painful. I am so sorry. This ED is literally a demon.
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).
Im not in a hurry, its my goal for brawlhalla. But after hearing how many hours people have, its gonna be a long journey
Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.
Hi [NAME] nice to see you
Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?
Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.
I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)
There have been multiple threads about this, they can't afford to move up. It's not financially feasible.
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high"""
So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts
At least if you don't have the body, you've got the sense of humour. So I can rule you out or is it a possibility lol
Crafty little bastards.
She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol. 
They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.
LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM
I have these high powered magnets...
Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.
The staff there know what they're talking about whether or not you're making money, no matter how difficult will be huge. you are not alone.
That username lmao
Doesn't matter if hes in this sub, hes sliding into your girl's DMs rn!
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now
>Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. 
Thank you! Does it contain clinical trails?
Block me,report me, do what you gotta do, you don't own reddit.
That's some wishful thinking if I choose to believe that lol
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.
This is great, thank you! I’ll take a read and see what is still available.
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*
Yeah very true
NO GOD NOOOO!
Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll
Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.
Thank you, very good advice - I have been thinking that I need to help and lead more in this area. Good reminder, thank you!
Me, because I'm a narcissistic bastard.
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.
His videos are great.
Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.
iT cAn'T bE sExISt bEcAuSE iT's a mErItocRaCy. -tech bro assholes justifying gender discrimination and systemic sexism
Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass
[NAME]. Can't believe she went to Parliament nine-months pregnant just to vote on the thing. That's dedication.
[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.
Thanks for the book recommendation!
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].
I absolutely love that idea. I went on an anniversary trip with a couple once and it was amazing! We had so much fun.
Not a perfect game with the error
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.
As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍
Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.
Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that
Good job partner!
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked
Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub
I’m not really serious I just think it’s kind of funny
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].
That sounds awful. Glad its from 4Chan, so I know its fake.
Post saved! That looks like a great exercise to try, thank you. 
That gives you zero right or say over what someone wears. You are wrong.
I'll kill you.
Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!
Haha. Thank you
Stay safe guys
Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern. 
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.
calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.
I see that you also braved the farmers' market this morning!
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.
Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. 
Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)
omg, id cry if this was my store 
BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!
I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.
Some graffiti can turn that really bad
He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.
One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.
I usually see retarded stuff posted on this sub but yours takes the cake
Lullaby is excellent and so is Diary. His first 5 or 6 books are out of this world.
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.
I love crows!!!!
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is
He's both. An edgy neckbeard skinny fat, but he is undeniably funny. 
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.
Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it. 
That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.
u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.
[NAME] is happy
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
Be strong. I've felt the same way before in my living situation. I hope things go your way, keep us updated!
Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT
Always toward absent lovers love's tide stronger flows.
Will do tonight!
[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!
Thanks for the advice. It does presuppose that I am able to have that conversation with him though. Will give some thought to how to do it.
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year. 
Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.
Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one
Wow i've sat like all of those
What pieces of gear are they? That’s my dream build. Like what gear combination for head, arms, chest, weapons, etc
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.
Me too I hope all goes well for both of us
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.
That's awesome! Congrats on all the positive changes!!
There’s still time mate - be careful!
ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*
Kid looks like he's about to cry
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.
I like this title, fun to picture a violent lake stealing dogs! :)
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover 
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.
Haha I actually didn't know about its existence! I honestly wonder how much of that map I've actually seen though. So many hours. Lol
And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay
Good luck, and godspeed.
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!
"I'm new to polyamory so idk if that's ""normal"" but man it sounds pretty delightful."
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried. 
Me too, I'm shitting myself.
My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…
Omg so short but such a bop! I’m so excited for her album
It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.
this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones
I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out
great pass wiggins
Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!
I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest. 
I love it. :D
Dude. I was hoping this would actually be helpful. I'm so tired of helping little kids open their milk cartons at the elementary I work at.
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.
Sleep tight [NAME]!
Just not the right year to tank. POOR planning by the FO.
Minor character but I love [NAME].
I would applaud, but a polite golf clap seems more appropriate. Well done. 👏 👏 
They wanted all the shows to be based in New York. Seems like a weird reason but that’s what [NAME] said
Belgium is an awesome assignment
>Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME]. 
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.
That's disgusting. Apt.
srs that’s a cute sweater n all but i wish the pic was closer to her makeup
I've never heard of this place. I know what we are doing next time we're up there!
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.
Ah, I see you are a man of culture, as well.
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.
If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza
Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.
Damn, that shit's decarboxylated af! That'll get you nice and sleepy... I foresee a weed nap in the near future...
Wow really great advice! I'm over here taking notes!
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.
Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.
You all treat him like shit so what do you expect?
welcome to the Idiocracy.
This post made me howl in laughter in the handicapped bathroom, thank you /u/coffeewhore17
Wow thanks for pointing that out, haven't heard that one before.
Cheers Mate, I appreciate that
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that 
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.
I loved the reaction the cast of BP gave when they announced Spider Verse won. They couldn’t contain their excitement
Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.
They look pretty good down there.
This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.
No thank you, I'm just here to use your bathroom
There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.
Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one 
Bro thank you for what you do, and keeping the roads clear so I can make money, thank you
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me 
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.
That’s a wonderful meaningless word salad
Edit: Four on Five now man! Woo!
It’s a self fulfilling prophesy. They know things are getting more violent because they are looking to make them that way.
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. 
Congrats, proud of you ! Hopefully I can follow your lead and get myself out of a similar situation 
Haha I know the guy in the middle of the picture. Small world
Yeah, that's why I feel [NAME] or [NAME] would have a better chance.
Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆
Thanks for the explanation. I got out pre marriage and always wonderd if it would have got worse if we had got married
Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.
That was your saddest shortest story yet
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.
Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.
He is not acknowledging anything, he is hoovering. Don’t fall for it.
My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.
Can I ask why he isn’t willing? Thanks - I hope it works out for you. Maybe take this time to work on you!
Feel your pain.
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.
You have to leave the house.
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!
If I were him, I would have made sure to fall HARD the second the first officer touched me. Congrats, you're getting paid kid. 
>just something motor**sport** fans tell themselves to avoid admitting it’s not really a **sport**. Errr.
I agree with this
Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason
I don't think you could actually find something that's *unambiguously* racist. That's just how dog whistles work.
I'm glad we agree.
This game is pretty drunk.
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... ""Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."""
I laugh, but I genuinely believed this until I was 8 or so.
I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.
[NAME] face looks like some actress/model who I can picture in my head but I cant remember her name
I actually feel assaulted by this video.
A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!
Thank you for the good chuckle.
If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.
I feel like Tankathon was made for or by magic fans. Such an amazing website lol
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too
Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂
This very thing got me diagnosed as ADD. I'm of the drugs now and feeling way much better.
I hate y'all too
You can do it!!!
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.
Whew. I'm safe then.
I apologize for doubting you.
Neat sub idea! I like it.
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!
Yep. Cool story troll.
Sad and very true though. Case in point.
I don’t think spurs gonna sell one of them main player to a rival like that. Not for this little.
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.
That's amazing
This is all soooo nice. What nice people.
I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.
This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].
I was just joking...
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?
Very thoughtful post and good analogy.
Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.
Hmm thank you. I am not good with words. Can you please elaborate if there is any distinction?
The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...
"Not literally sell, but trying to ""sell the experience."" All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol."
5 days?!? But I'm mad now!
Tanks being strong is the reason why ADCs get buffed.
That's amazing why have I never found this before.
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.
JAEGER CALM DOWN!
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking
GG haha 😉
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!
I’d be proud AF if my kid suffered from Cerebral Palsy and was able to do the paralympics dash. Thank you for answering.
Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.
Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.
If those are your main issues with IL you are gonna love TX. I hope that doesnt come across as sarcastic.
Your art is really beautiful dude, it could straight up be in a museum 
FANTASTIC!! I didn't know what hole to look at. Geysers!
He's a fantastic Rav. Really enjoy all his articles. Not afraid to think outside the box.
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard
Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse
thank you for your kind words.
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.
Thanks mr bot
BALL DONT LIE
It was pretty good, I didn't have the patience to see *all* the endings myself but spoilers exist on reddit for the curious (; 
Right?!!! But I have learned to love the bitter taste of alp 🤢😭
Awesome! I hope it helps you :)
Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s. 
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!
I know, I'm training. Only a semi-cursed word with a number as the user seems coincidental.
you are a smart dude
Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative
put it in a drink, preferably a soda. Its great to sip on!
I work closely with GoA (but not for them) and I agree. They made a lot of great policy and program decisions.
Thank [NAME] for state rights.
You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.
Im definitely gonna check the bushes around the burn where everyone throws their targets from now on. Im not over it i feel bad man.
Amazing device... Wish I had one growing up in New York. As long as it works, that is! 
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️
I WaS KIddInG i loVE U lOLlOL
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.
They then went to a piano concert together. This conflict is amazing in it's twists and turns.
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.
Yeah I know, it’s just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today
It was or I’d have walked out!! Lol!
I'm sorry, I'm new. Included the TL;DR and age alrdy. Thank you!
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.
It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.
Can’t wait to see this monster perp walk.
No. And not near as much as a gun lol
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy
Wow. The Miami police! [NAME]! So much to this documentary.
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].
I actually really like [NAME]
What a waste of money and time
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.
WW2 has the best supply drops ever
You can't. It's best you go see a professional about that wound of yours.
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.
Thanks:D
So I see! Very nice. Thanks for the explanation :)
I love the accidental deep frying from the tears on certain words
It's so much worse with a child involved. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.
"If second panel said Socialists, third panel would be something like ""Death panel has determined your life not valuable enough to save"""
Hope the best for him
I like this a lot
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.
For a moment there I thought I was the only one! Pretty awesome and I had no idea
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?
Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too. 
Not a chance, and I love it!
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...
I love this 10/10
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ
A derogatory term.
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA
Wow what a final quarter. [NAME] throwing two intersepts. What a dog
Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.
There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.
It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-
Smh. Can y’all stop being so hot? For real though congrats, you two look so happy together!
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.
Why would [NAME] even care lol Reminds me of that [NAME] [NAME] I see a lot
Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.
It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.
I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?
Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.
This sounds like revenge, not karma.
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier
He was afraid of flying
“Don’t discipline my kid!”
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.
I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.
Wealth is the biggest privilege, and it’s not close. The infinite amount of ways people can be divided lead to individual struggles, sure.
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼
No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!
The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️
Why am I crying rn...
Well [NAME] just missed...so there’s that bit of good news
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her
That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh
I don't know what you are about, but I love your enthusiasm.
I have 100% went to Wendy’s more after realizing I’m attracted to their mascot thanks to sassy twitter memes.
Thanks and you too!
That woman has a nice body
I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.
He's 34 years old.
I am getting so nervous watching this
Sell high!
I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.
cool, gonna check this game now
Agreed! I’m so excited for her story this season!
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.
58 and I still live at home.
Wound a little tight? Everyone respects him. People are just having a bit of fun.
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??
So sorry for taking forever. Do you have an Apple device? I have given up on converting to google sheets.
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory
It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. 
Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.
Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.
I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that
I'm hoping it will pass but I do know you may be correct. I'm just not sure what to do.
So what you've never been in a relationship your whole life? At least you didn't get abused! Yah,ok.
[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago. 
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue
I agree. You’ll need to ask the school when you interview.
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.
Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.
Your reading skills are unparalleled
It's not collapsing
What the fuck did I just read?
This is very deceptive. If you haven't read it, this article is great! The Deceptive Income of Physicians
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.
Lol, wut
Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.
Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised
The [NAME] directed Swiss Army Man. Check out their music video for Turn Down for What. It’s lovely.
I sure as hell hope your username is a joke
Thanks... Some days are harder than others
It doesn't look like it.
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.
Clean the house, declutter, have some candles and if you know his favorite beer or spirit that would be nice 😉 Have a clean and organized kitchen 😍
i dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...
Good advice, thank you.
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.
#Screw you, [NAME].
Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.
Ace here! I do masturbate and enjoy it, I just feel no sexual attraction or desire to have sex with other people.
Me neither. It's more silly than anything else imo
The most intimidating man in football
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)
This just makes me want sushi.
That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.
is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time
I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...
I'm not crying... you're crying!
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit
Yeah maybe they'll finally get a shred of evidence in another two years haha
Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to
That’s wonderful
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]
ok. thanks for the info!
Such a lovely username for such a nice guy
Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid
I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!
My most sincere condolences.
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.
So happy for you! Keep dancing, dancing is freedom!! Something we feel we will never have again. 
It's funny cause those cowboys do the gay sex with each other...
Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3
Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.
It’s a great site showing the growth and development of a re-bourgeoning city.
[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.
it’s happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken 😂😂
Contact Blue Mammoth staff, they're usually pretty nice about this stuff.
All those empty seats smh. Imagine paying $300+ just to see the Rangers get slaughtered at home. And yet, I still want more goals haha.
[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.
I don't even cook the steel cut! I just love the chewiness! I'm usually fuller longer with steel cut too.
Excellent location. When it’s finished it’ll be spectacular around there.
Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.
Fair enough! that's useful and relevant (if anecdotal) evidence. I whish there where good studies on all of this. :-/
Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.
Impeach “fouty” five!!
You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.
No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.
Thanks. I want to travel the world but have no reasonable way of affording it.
Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.
Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.
I’m offended that your offended
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.
Do you really think anyone would support this legislation on any side. Jeez man lay off the [NAME] plus that would really destroy the CIA/FBIs blackmail program lol
The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.
LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors
My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]
Thank the heavens RuneScape is coming at you all read his biography it's incredible. r/scriptedasiangifs.
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED
Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother. 
Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤
Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP
The feeling of betrayal could be one of the worse pains ever. Hope one day this will pass man.
Good meme, nice meme
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!
He’s gonna have a great season
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...
Happy Easter everyone!!
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.
We have outlets with timers in every parking spot of all households in Finland.
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her
I’d lick the juice off Master’s face any day, n-no matter how sour... 
******fucking internet, am I right?
Hey, that's ok
Stadium remains the best dlc map of all time
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.
I’d like him because he is very good. But he’s not a necessity.
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.
Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws
I am not having a great day either. Sending good vibes, hope you feel better :)
OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.
Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.
This sounds hard, but not too bad! I'll try some of this. Thanks!
it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right 
stop making me cry man
Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.
Omggg me too ahahaha, i should try shopping in kids
Excellent jobs, young men!
That sounds really helpful, thanks so much
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?
Mate you are mental, no way [NAME] would mess up like you have said!
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad
I took swimming lessons for a while and my fingerprint thing didn't work for months
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.
This was great!! Thanks
Good [NAME] ^(that's perfect)
Thank you so much for posting this! I've thought this way for a long time and it's very comforting to see that I'm not alone :3
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.
Wish they showed us more of their friendship in previous episodes, this drawing is amazing.
Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games
Fuck I’m hungry now.
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.
Nice job dude!
Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!
just keep swimming further off that deep end
Because, “nah you guys go ahead”
"TTs have size limits. The group I was acquainted with had, ahem, ""leadership"" problems as well."
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.
Right, no one wants to deal with that. 
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.
Please tell me that [NAME] never said this.
"Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use ""millennials"" as a synonym for ""youths."" "
It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.
Dude, wtf is this?
Damn this is dope
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any ""controversal"" stuff on their platform."
[NAME] line of drool made me very happy I waited to watch this til I was eating dinner i love the power hour so much
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...
We are fighting for their autonomy, which is why we're fighting hard for them to be born first.
"I am sorry for offending you "" WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn"" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol"
Maybe some people are just lucky to have an amazing connection to [NAME]
[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.
I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.
Her hair is beautiful! I have high hopes for her staying clean and on the right path.
I told him I loved him and he blushed so hard. It was the best. Of course that classic smile was there as well
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism
Thank you! :)
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.
Btc is a shite coin
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. 
Hahaha, ok. I was worried there for a second....
Good luck with that one
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.
oh god this is the worst
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!
i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K
Ive been playing it since this post got loads of upvotes ahahha its great
Great point, that was a silly assumption for me to make. Thank you for your perspective! Editing the post now. 
Nope! His real name starts with a G. Weird spelling of a common name, and pretty identifiable so I’ve never wanted to use it 🙃
I fail to see the downside of that.
Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!
Wow, I'm sorry you had to deal with that. I trust better things are coming for you. 
This is incredible. I love this album so much. Everybody wants to rule the world is so good.
And there's good reason for that. The SD is absolute shit
I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.
Stupid theory!
Hope your first day goes well, what type of work are you doing?
"My bad. I typo'd. It should have said ""how""."
Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.
Thanks, that makes sense.
Thanks for sharing this tool, gonna be useful in finding fat right subs to tag with reddit pro tools. 
>Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]
Very interesting video. Thank you for sharing.
I am not running around talking about how I am going to beat up my kids teachers. Not sure where you got tough guy from that...
I used to love watching that show.
If by ‘needs a talking to’ you mean ‘needs to be sterilised’ then you are correct.
She got the death penalty...? fck me.
We need more media coverage on the [NAME] abductions, and since the Alliance won’t do anything the BBC is our only hope.
Well this is inappropriate
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.
I never said it should have been called. I just think it's hilarious that the replay literally shows it.
Well no matter what her bio says, if you are ugly, you are done for. 
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.
I’m happy I can help.
it also can be found in r/redditsmuseumoffilth
Yeah she looks pretty cute in that pic tbh
We are! Thank you!
"Lol ""Weapons grade weed"", I love it"
I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam
That's honestly less than I expected.
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it. 
SUCH A NICE GUY.
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.
i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!
Natural selection, I love you. 
Nope, although I have some Serbian-American friends there who danced for the Tamburitzans :)
That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.
Surely the error is lexical. And I think the original comment is poor (non native) idiom use
Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.
don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...
Great vid but horrible grammar. [NAME] i had to read the title 4 times
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. 
I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.
Wow... That looks great! Would love to get some actual vintage jerseys like that someday. Keep my eyes on eBay. Lol
Stop believing everything you’re told.
Thank you! That's the nicest thing I heard today! I hope you get the same positive energy you put in out ten fold!
Kirkland liquor is amazing. I can get a cheap bottle of vodka or scotch that's basically a mid tier bottle for half the price.
That's a cool dino
I have a college-level understanding of biology, as it is my degree of choice. Those 8th-graders are completely right. 
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too
I'd steal that!... just as cool.
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol
I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!
Shhh don't give them the idea!
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics
On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.
Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.
So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .
Research #42 and also learn about our [NAME] Father, [NAME]. Get ready for a great year ahead.
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall 
ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.
Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing
I want to taste their tears
 goat handshake denied Personally, I just think [NAME] was scared of touching such a relic as is [NAME] hand
it's horrid :/
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad
Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!
Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.
Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good
This is my favorite reddit conversation I’ve seen in a while
Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.
Even though I didn't know you personally, but I just want to say that I am proud of you. This is an inspiration.
I wonder so too hehe :D
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!
More like a baptism, with sexy results!
Enjoy the ride!
