Lmao you fart bigger to cover up the first one
Made my day!
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age
This sub is very very bad at irony
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12
Ha ha ha. That was a good one
We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.
Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.
I am sorry that you are experiencing such deep suffering and such pain. You matter in this world, and we would all be diminished without you.
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
Both look great, but I like the second one better. I'm a dude though and I have no sense of what works for other guys.
...and show some respect to her parents!
Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover 
Of course you don't think it's relevant. Your empathy for human life is tentative at best.
You are reduced to attacking men for their biology.
I really hope we see another fighter like him he was so fun to watch, a fighting machine with that killer instinct
Is what I took from it lol.
Yes he is a very good pup check out his insta if u want its in the post
It’s interesting that [NAME] is often the only little kid credited with being the one to desegregate schools in New Orleans.
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do
Large weight fluctuations + a baby have caused my body to look cute in clothes -- Not so cute without them.
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.
Thank you!!! I'll do this now!!!
I thought chiropractors were bad! Look as these medical doctors who were pushing opiates on their patients by the thousands!
I watched that game while coming down from a shrooms trip. [NAME] was magic. Still wear his jersey to shinny :D
It’s definitely winter. My Cornish Rex is in hell right now because she loves laying in windows, but it’s cold as balls out 
There is an actual subreddit for cheating. It's disgusting.
Get out of my head.
Thanks I will consider that :)
Notice how there are no chapotraphouse trolls here because they know you're right and can't put up any argument against you.
Most of them seem to be joking about the walls.
Thank you. I feel like I’ve scarred her for life, but I know that’s probably not the case.
To be fair, we’re still missing CP3 and [NAME]. This game has been pretty ugly overall though. 
Being a broke college student doesn’t help😂 thank you for taking the time to listen though it’s really helpful lol
13 year old account, this guy is ancient. 
lol INTJs may be less smart sometimes (definitely not always) but they know how to actually use their intelligence
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge
Just turned on the game. I hope I brought the boys some good luck
Yes, but you don't need it to play.
Great Expectations!
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱
No problem. It will seem impossible at first but just keep your cool! Best of luck
Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?
100%,I'm actually impressed
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues
Hey thanks!
This is the scariest thing I think I’ve ever read on here. That is just so horrible.
[NAME] looks really hot in this pic for some reason
Ecosystem in a puddle, nice
Keep going sgtsoyboy... we are turning the corner this year and I will personally enjoy bashing another Superbowl-less season for the qweefs this offseason.
Thanks. I want to travel the world but have no reasonable way of affording it.
I am starting to get very concerned with [NAME] and [NAME]
Must be nice
I don't know you, but I am so proud of you. Hugs.
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. 
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US
Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s
Of course I love myself because I'm awesome.
Too ugly for love/romance/sex/dating
I mean... this is some shit right here
Oh trust me I'm aware haha.
And that is what cognitive dissonance looks like. People do the craziest things when reality doesn't meet their expectations.
almost [NAME] can do it !!
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed 
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!
No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you
Frozen berries are fantastic. Put a few in some heavy whipping cream in a blender with a little sweetener.
Good to know my paranoia has paid off haha, and same, sooo many snacks.
Yes, I know, I read the article, thanks. I'm not sure why you're quoting that, it doesn't change anything I said.
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.
That is brilliant.
Focus on yourself and not on finding a relationship. It sounds like you have a lot of personal issues to work on and are projecting your problems.
I agree with you. [NAME] would be awesome here.
Man hope he recovers fast. Looked really painful
[NAME] died for our shins
It's not just what he said, it was the way he said it. Good stuff.
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen
One of my favorite episodes.
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.
It's crazy how far Photoshop has come. Underwater bridges?!! NEVER!!!
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!
Wow. I have to say, I am relieved. Pretty incredible idea.
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate, 
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.
It's so goddamn funny.
This video was close to being the most famous video in history
That's probably all I am going to do. Edit: I could also just visit this sub to find out what happens.
Happy birthday and I'm really glad I won't be feeling like you when you wake up tomorrow
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. 
That's awesome man. Keep it up bro. Glad to see there's some people out there that still care about others
This one is my favorite.
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.
Thank's for the notice.
Thank you! And may [NAME] shine His love upon you!
You’re hardly qualified to talk.
Self serving cowards.
and op is NOT self deprecating
Nice try FBI.
volunteer as tribute first, we need an example that we can follow :)
Software Engineering; had a knack for it at a young age and pretty much always knew that's what I was going to do. Yes. Extremely.
And in adult spaces in general. Let adults have things to themselves, damn it
Lmao “9 times out of 10” okay
The ruling class doesn't care. Their only goal is to plunder and loot the country for their own financial gain.
Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job. 
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.
I read this In his singing voice. Amazing.
I didn't even know this existed! Thank you kindly!!
I love this guy.
Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.
Thank you for the context. Everything makes sense now, I'd forgotten how... Certain kinds of people can be
Please get your soy away from me, i’m allergic.
The Patriots dethroned the Rams and the greatest show on turf, it'd be cool for the Rams to do the same now.
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!
Nice strawman. I can see now that you're not compensating for anything, lol. 
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....
first time all season im kind of not thrilled with [NAME] post game talk. I wish he would have addressed the PP.
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3
Great drawing :)
Its amazing how hive mind works...
Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol. 
Thanks for the advice!
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!
Thank you! On the positive side I’ve gotten a lot of work done after panicking and giving up looking for my pill pack
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.
Sorry lol, that’s left over from a lot of parenting and relationship subreddits. 
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.
Couldn't have said it better. Just did the same over my winter break and really got to know myself a lot better. Cheers to the new year!
Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!
Thanks, we were kinda enjoying it at the time too
oh right that was a huge leap my bad
I know plenty of old people who did just this
What a neat gesture!🤗
That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers
Thank you, very good advice - I have been thinking that I need to help and lead more in this area. Good reminder, thank you!
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.
I think there is something odd about it too... We will probably get the truth it the not to distant future, but no one will care. 
Can't wait
Exactly what I came here to write lol
That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too. 
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.
Can you please suggest this name to marvel for the next super hero movie? That is all. K. Thanks. Bye!!!
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s
Nobody likes you
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
I wish you to experience exactly the same feelings that I'm experiencing
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.
Cool thanks for the reply. Always keen to learn from the actual people haha!
There’s a fairly strong intersection between white supremacists and antivacs from what I’ve noticed
Tropical Oasis Liquid Multivitamin. Amazing stuff.
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year
It's already a thing though lol
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice 
Shut up 15 year-old
I'll try to stay patient.
Yes, that is correct. I knew what you meant though:)
It's not that bad, I almost got squashed by a drop bear today but it's all good in the hood.
Eh, that can happen anywhere. It isn't exclusive to Dallas where that stuff happens. Good luck tho.
but I love your username
That's interesting I can definitely relate. I ask going to ask if people are cis too but I didn't wanna confound gender with sexuality
As fun as that sounds, please just call the police.
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.
Glad you found it!
It's like Guatemala, but instead of the US it's Mexico... disgusting 
This is horrifying
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.
Lmao good man
Hahaha, ok. I was worried there for a second....
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!
Yes what the fuck is going on here
This just made me feel so much better about myself :)
Cute pupper 😍😍😍
My favourite book, the writing is beautiful. Very much a precursor to 1984.
i would file anyway and see if your claim will be accepted. file in arizona. good luck!
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.
I don't really want to do anything.
I love the arm blasts on the ice. That dude was determined and loves his dog. Very cool.
Unfortunately not.
> we get a minimum of $11 Wow that's pretty generous, no wonder people don't need to tip.
Stuff like this makes me worry a little less about the future generations.
The biggest Nightmare
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything
Good always love him
Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great
Such grace.
Yea just went yesterday and the woodhaven area didn’t seem too bad. Seems very country for being only 25min from downtown.
I loved the reaction the cast of BP gave when they announced Spider Verse won. They couldn’t contain their excitement
[NAME] was a strong candidate. I think she can win if it's an open seat race.
Thanks, man!
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!
Kudos to you my friend. I'm so glad you are still here with us! <3
Such a great thing to hear. Setting aside my very immense distaste for SA, this really just makes me happy. I love our country.
Your welcome. Feel free to share it to those who also need it. 👍
If I'm dipping my crust, it's in marinara sauce EDIT: I love hot sauce on pizza
Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.
Let's keep making that trade with different teams until we have all 32 picks in the 6th round one year Sorry, I'll go back to my NHL19
Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.
i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!
Like idgaf if it’s fortnite themed I need those in my life again
I hope you'll be feeling better soon, friend
i love folksy cities skylines man
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling
[NAME] is on fire!!!
I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this
My mommas homemade mac and cheese almost makes me cry on how great it is
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.
Lol get those pitchforks ready boys
"""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""
"I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]""*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun"
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.
[NAME] is awesome
A sad amount of time was spent making this.
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!
Fuck you're cool
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo
I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.
Thank you! That's the explanation I was looking for.
I like this title, fun to picture a violent lake stealing dogs! :)
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.
She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.
Wow, really? I hope this kind of event doesn’t happen that often. 
Yeah cuz they don't exist lol
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity
Haha yea few cars drive worse than a Versa. Aside from performance, what are some must haves/wants?
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.
I had thought about Millport but not the rest, great idea thanks 😁
You'd think that's a simple game mode they'd have had from the start... I would have loved that.
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.
Thank you for highlighting this. No wall. DACA is (almost certainly) fine for another year.
Keep up the good work
it's not up to the drivers, its up to the owner. Owner doesn't have to drive in the ice.
You know what happens when we make assumptions!!! Good point. Thank you.
Happy cake day
She’s still not gonna message you dude I promise
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy
Why? I've got your attention and thats when the fun begins
This made my day lol
I don't think my town has a market.
Because killing people is wrong?
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.
Seems very very aggressive. I would love for you to be right.
No Brexit is also an option.
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.
Yeah, that will reduce the number of kids taking pills - make enjoying a drink at a festival even more difficult!
Thank you, it's pretty helpful.
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.
That's exactly what I would expect [NAME] parents to look like lol
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.
Why am I excited for the new season
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.
I've never heard of this place. I know what we are doing next time we're up there!
From the South and can confirm that [NAME] is an idiot and should be saying brink.
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored
You had good heals.
Absolutely adore this
I love /r/LazyMan
[NAME] what a stupid job
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries
Block the number, avoid your parents, and cut the toxic people out of your life.
That's some wishful thinking if I choose to believe that lol
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.
Thank you. Take the upvote!
Lets fuckin do this
You, I like you 
I love that this Subreddit has so many good food suggestions! I'm kinda new to the area and still getting my bearings.
Haha cheers for the kind words mate
Obviously excluding shotguns..
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.
I'm a sexworker and trust me, plenty of us love our jobs an our work.
No. They can go through the same legal process my wife and I did before getting in that line, so they don’t get turned away.
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts
The minute I heard about this this morning, I just knew [NAME] would use it for his benefit someway, somehow... lol. :/
Clean the house, declutter, have some candles and if you know his favorite beer or spirit that would be nice 😉 Have a clean and organized kitchen 😍
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced
Cool. I'll have to keep that banter in mind for the next time it happens. Thank you for the response, I really appreciate it
Hot damn... we're going to Sea World!
A man of fine taste!
What a cool argument dude!! Lol. This coming from the worlds most empowered dater who can date anyone!! Stop age shaming.
If you think that you're ready for a relationship, go ahead. As long as you're not stepping on anyone.
I promise you it would for most people. You're just spoiled with having the mountains 45 minutes away.
I remember being so excited when we got AAA back, even though it cost us Fournier...man, that sure went south. #ThanksShaw
Please don’t marry this man-child.
If you feel it's harassment, you have the ability to report the post for harassment.
Born and raised in New Britain. Love these sodas.
Lol! Great question
Seconded. 8 years and I never reached the final castle.
Think about how many times OP has jerked it into those sheets
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?
It could be worse. We could get [NAME] or that Philly traitor [NAME] back.
stuff is incredible on fried chicken
Did you do it yet? It won’t let me post lol
Thanks for the gold kind stranger
I like this man.
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography
Came here to say exactly this. It's almost the same scene, as if he tried to recreate it
I pray this changes.
We don’t like to talk about that
It's ridiculous that [NAME] has inspired way more people to join rather than leave but there are way more media articles by people who have left.
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!
I hate those days man... So triggering
Fun fact: you can stop this by removing the prostate that would be epic
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] 
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously. 
Thank you. I needed to hear this. Currently kinda spiraling pretty bad
Gotta love trailing for 59+ minutes
Thanks mate!
"Of course right as I came across this my mom texted me saying ""I remember 2018 like it was yesterday""..."
> their personal choices and clothing are distinct from their legislation and policies. This has got to be a fucking joke. What universe do you live in?
s p o o k y
Hey thanks, I appreciate it!
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!
That sounds pretty good
i follow her owners on ig and she actually gets around really really well! its cool to watch really
Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha
bless. wish you more beautiful days ahead!
Perfect place to get flame grilled by the church then. Bring it on!
... but he LOVES you. Perfect.
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.
Every time I see MCC news I get briefly excited for PC news. I really need to stop :(
That’s something I hadn’t considered. I’ll do just that. Thank you!
You’re right
Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.
[NAME] will be the 2nd best player in Juve team now.
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying 
I'm with you - I feel no connection....
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.
jokic with a couple dumb arm fouls already, he seems a tad unsettled
Ha! Thanks - that's very flattering. For my part, FWIW, I always encourage folks to donate to their local farm sanctuary. ^**=o)**
I second that. What goes up must come down. And to OP, i hope you find peace and clarity. Good luck!
Go for it. I could use the excitement.
Well reality exists therefore [NAME] is reality. Checkmate, atheist.
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.
Damn perfect 👌
That’s a fair point. Pretend to be a foreigner than? Haha I don’t know. I wish you luck my friend!
Don't attend. Don't engage. They want validation, don't give it to them.
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry
You have the bear mask?? :D it is glorious!
"You can buy the full ""girlfriend experience"" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao."
Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run
Thank you for this ❤️❤️🦵🏼
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.
"[NAME]: ""I wish I won't get robbed of a victory again"" [one finger of the monkeys paw curls]"
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.
it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.
Omg I am so grateful for attending your TED Talk. (Not being sarcastic, btw. This is great)
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!
"not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like ""have a blessed day"" or whatever kinda creep me out. "
Damnit, you beat me to it.
LOL!!! Good one!
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning
very interesting hill to die on
Nope nope nope
I'm so sorry you were bullied in a place you should have felt safe.
Okay please share your biggest mistake and let me decide if I fail to see how that could happen
I’m feeling very excited !
Looks nice but will wait for a PVE dedicated map as that’s more my jam.
Just typed out my comment and then I saw this. Yup, exactly.
Reality is often disappointing -TPUSA, probably 
Cuck you're implying I'm vulnerable and submissive??! Hahhhaaaaaaa. You're the cuck here, the young incel loser
you guys are mean lol. teacher said talk to a forum if there's no existing church. thanks anyways
Changed it thanks
Same! I don’t know how our elementary level colleagues do it. When I subbed in elementary a few times it was awful.
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
Fun ruiner.
That weighs heavy on the heart, I’m so sorry for your loss
I like him
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(
Throwing the book to see what sticks you think?
So it's okay when [NAME] does it. But when I do it. I'm being weird. I see. Got it.
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(
I tend to agree with you. They all have innocent blood on their hands.
Pizza time!
I like your attitude. You seem like a good person.
The intent is to provide the players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...
thanks, my roommate is a photographer so props to her 😂😂
Looking good!!!!!how are you? woww you are a treat...😉. Cute body :).
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.
That's really sad and shocking to hear this Really embarrassed to be a human being on this earth...
You wont be in pain but you wont feel any relief either. Find what makes you feel comfortable and stick with it
Honestly never seen one as dumb as this.
Yeah I just googled that, I still wouldn't call them my favourite restaurant but its cheap!
“Stop replying to me as I send you a message first!” Oh, meat eaters ❤️
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.
Even today, many years later that still gives me chills. RIP.
Let me add to them - it was awesome. Also unexpected!
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.
It's so much worse with a child involved. I'm so sorry you have to go through this.
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong
whats it like being this stupid?
You're delusional
$70... Now that's a good price!
Please come and visit again soon! Have a safe flight!
Omg I want this dog ❤️❤️❤️
I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.
Either of those scenarios make sense. I'm getting antsy I need some positive Steelers news haha.
"Sports obsessions are basically religion to some people. And those same people make fun of the ""geeks"" at Comic Con... ERROR 404: Logic not found."
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.
Try Rescue Melatonin Strawberry gummies and Natural Calm in hot water. They saved my life.
It's funny because [NAME] actually transformed his play after he left Bulls and evemtually signed with Heat. Would be hilarious if [NAME] did something similar
It’s beautiful
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!
I love [NAME]
[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.
I agree, it was approaching my bedtime but will do so today, thank you.
I really liked [NAME] tbh
Wound a little tight? Everyone respects him. People are just having a bit of fun.
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.
Good question. Have seen him quite a bit. I love his coverage.
For most people after 4 to 5 hours it gets up to the full resolution
So glad you are safe. It looks like icy conditions, too, so that is great that you were able to avoid this.
Shut up, why you so stupid!? I'm just kidding
Feels like im wearing nothing at all!
Fuck. That.
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?
Wow thanks. Didn’t know there were any others glad to hear
So weird watching this segment knowing what happened a couple days ago.
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.
>I’ve been forward in the past and it didn’t work at all lol. You're doing it wrong.
You lost everything. So sad. Lots of lies from you. Next time do better. I love this. Friend. :)
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].
You have a long and amazing life ahead of you...you're beautiful 💜
[NAME] looking like [NAME] out there
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?
It will work this time!
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.
Then enjoy your shutdown!
plumlee is such a bully. i love it
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Congrats. But that’s a new level of oblivious. Sheesh.
Thanks for contributing to the advertising
It's so surreal that we have a superstar on the Canucks. I have to pinch myself everyday
Ahh gotcha - thanks :)
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.
I like the name mummied the best so far
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...
it will be the compilation of 3 games, don't get your expectations that high.
A 2-day old account, and this is how you decided to use your time? Trolling the teacher subreddit? Ok dude...
Wow! I just played my self
Same thing I thought haha
Wow! Look at that spine shine! You handled her perfectly!
Grow up.
I wasn't saying it was. But it's the most likely explanation of why a youtuber would want to pretend they have one.
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.
Wait. Is this a parenting book with a typo? Because this seems to be a great approach to use with a toddler.
Which part of what I wrote sounds like a baseless claim? Could you clarify me, please?
"Claims to be ""against sexist [NAME] bros"" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor"
You literally changed someone's life for the better. You made the world a better place. Thank you for helping change the stigma against autism.
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.
I’d say every of those subreddits are freaking out but it’s basically the same people lol
My husband never watches this show. Watching with me: “[NAME] is a horrible dad. He looks likes he hammered. He’s so greasy”
3:08am and my laughter has now turned into wheezing sobs
He can recker my pecker and make my pinkie all stinky.
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!
What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)
Our love is like, a violent game between children baby.
Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?
i once dipped a raw hot dog in chocolate pudding when i was dared too. it was dreadful.
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him 
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.
Omg. I hope she is ok! Poor [NAME].
Sorry, your diverse, inclusive baby was aborted.
Hey now. Kirkcaldy is a lovely place to see in my rear view mirror.
"> ""I have full confidence in [NAME]..."" *Now* you are being diplomatic."
YAS, but all the pedestrians give me the greasy when I follow this advice (or at least I think they are giving me the greasy) 
We all love to read into data without actually reading the data.
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.
So I see! Very nice. Thanks for the explanation :)
Unpopular opinion: Let [NAME] take the open 3s so he can become a better stretch big.
Um yea. You’re being creepy. Stop stalking her
I hate that myself
Yeah it sort of sucks now.
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses 
Hope your friend is okay.
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.
I have to watch it. Sounds pretty cool hahaha
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
Just stop.
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.
I mentioned it was only for three weeks. I know it’s not over yet.
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem
Nailed it !
Ex-Marines are the best.
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately
If you’re in public, I suggest you hide your concern as much as you can.
I'm so happy for you !
Let's not try to pretend both were equally bad, [NAME] was magnitudes worse
Yeah with this and the other thread DoorDash is definitely down. Just go home and don't answer any 650 numbers
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.
Sensationalism as usual
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.
I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**
I'm proud, Reddit. This is a big deal to a fan. I'm genuinely happy for him. 
We have a realistic chance of winning this.
[NAME] i've ever seen, nice to see that money doesn't ruin a good marriage
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.
My bad lol.
I love it in spades
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.
[NAME], loved the story. Personally I don’t think this was petty I think it was quite fair and right. Good job dude.
Amazing. The perfect words for it
Your dog provided you undeniable evidence of type of person that you are, and you should be proud of that.
then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave
This is the saddest thing I've seen today
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
I am not running around talking about how I am going to beat up my kids teachers. Not sure where you got tough guy from that...
Glad to hear. Thanks for the support.
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more
Iv done it before.
That’s awesome! VPD and the Mounties should do the same here.
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.
"Same here. But I thought ""[NAME]"" is a fitting name."
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!
Glad to help!
"I sure as sugarplums aint seen any ""gives"" around "
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha
This is almost worse than Santa Con. Can we get millenials to destroy this please.
Hmm, I understand your frustration then
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)
"Holy shit. I remember sleeping on the back window ""ledge"" in my parents' car! I haven't thought about that in years."
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.
Loved every part of this series so far!! Keep up the good work!
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment
effective java! It's a classic.
Thanks man I hope I can get it before the end of the week
Like a turd in a big toilet
You could easily avoid him. What a crazy concept
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...
I feel so sorry for [NAME]..
Better than any HBr, anyway
[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.
What a wonderful world you lot live in!
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.
satisfying, really.
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man 
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha
aww hell no. This fucking ad
I’m so glad I have my own car
CIA?... Yes, this one right here.
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad
I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.
that’s why I asked haha
Very Cool.
Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.
Awesome! Hope you had a good holiday
I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.
I wanna win this game so bad FJB
Thanks, I'll have a look and see what they offer
No, that isn't possible. Discord hosts the call, which means any attempt at using wireshark would just show Discord's information, not yours.
I’m interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;)
thanks for the warning :)
im shaking and crying right now this is so powerful
Thank you so much. It means a lot to me and I really appreciate it
Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?
Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.
Only blurred photos, but could be something I suppose. Here's to hoping
Can't wait to the part where she ties him to her chariot and drags him around the Capitol.
"""Yoohoo~ Remember,remember,the fifth of dismember!"""
Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. 
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck
[NAME] I hate this
Thank you. Message me.
Oh wow I didn’t realize that
Looks like a good DILF look to be fair lol
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.
As high as ~72% in black families. Truly heartbreaking what the expansion of the welfare state has done to the black family.
If that were my car the spare would be flat too, so at least you've got that going for ya.
That’s wonderful to hear. :) I hope you get your guy!
both are bad tho anarchy ftw
school is not that bad
Good video, friend
This is where the run starts boys!
Thank you! Well put I am not the best at putting my thoughts into words so well said thank you that was the point I was going for!
She's cute but she's got that crazy look, the type of girl that would cut your d*ck off. 😬
According to you lol. MBTI could potentially be all of those things if applied correctly.
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.
looking forward to your selfie saturday then
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...
What the hell does metaphysics have to do with this? Also it’s a meme, get over yourself. 
Federal employee here. My amazing tenant offered to pay two months in advance to help with my cash flow.
I just don’t see why he pushed me leave with him so bad just to dip when I did
Wish he'd upload more 😪
Heh I love this.
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. 
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!
No actually my therapist is amazing! I've just had bad experiences with doctors in the past. I meant I'm worried the doctor will say that.
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container
Heart breaking* sorry haha
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.
Yep, regardless how people feel about this benign ad, it has generated 6.9 million views and countless posts. It's a resounding success.
Thanks dude! I do best with the ice, swat and maddox
I have too! I had to pick up sewing to do it but that has been fun as well!
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.
Love taking my girl out for sush
U R quite welcome buddy. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Our mod is an awesome mod
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL
Amazing work!. I truly enjoyed reading this and read like a page directly from the book.
What a fuckin n
This is the correct answer. I've seen more stupid memes about this show before I'd even seen it.
Different color for different people, please and thank you.
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid
Good, I need an hour to align my chakras for the impending stress 
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.
This will pass and you will be happy again. Just not right now. Hang in there.
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)
But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!
Thank you. You too.
Ah u/The_White_Baron... I didn't read all of it, but glad I know the reference now
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!
You win the Internet today. Fuck all the other winners. You’re the real one.
FUCKACTIVISION THEY RUIN EVERYTHING
Yup that game was where I was like we have to draft him!!!!!
7-3 is the best thing I've ever done with my life
Pretty sure he was being facetious guy
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!
Purple are lowkey great value properties.
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* ""Yo guys watch me throw this cluster"" Honestly embarrassing "
yeah. thanks for your reply
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.
This is kinda cute
Good luck. Netflix restricts known VPN IP ranges. Your best bet is a buddy with Open VPN server stateside and open vpn client app on your device.
Hahaha this is gold
We're trying to be 3-16 on the road with a positive point differential lol
There's piece of shit 2 bedroom homes in Palo Alto that cost 3 million. Those schools are damn good though.
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.
[NAME] and [NAME] would be the prettiest duo of all time PAUSE
This game is actually worse than I was anticipating and I knew it was gonna be bad
Your age difference is incredibly creepy.
Awesome, great to see people coming together for peer to peer cash!
>Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. 
this is painful
I don't.
Fuck me daddy
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.
I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️
I cringe when I see [NAME] playing while we’re stuck with sensitive old [NAME].
Simultaneously terrible and awesome facial hair.
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.
I feel stupid for not looking at her bio, but I do have some more pictures 
I’m ready to see yet another person fall tonight.
Thank you! I had no idea this existed
Awesome. Glad to hear it
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!
Cheers, guys! We are never drinking alone when we are here! But in person, I love drinking alone. 
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.
You are right and why you get downvoted?
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?
It's brainwashing. When you have people keep pleasuring themselves, they're easier to manipulate. 
There will always be a difference between a friend and a true friend
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest. 
Oh dear.
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod
Stay busy with good things, hang in there. Just take it 24 hours at a time. You got this,
[NAME] became president and yet you think [NAME] becoming president is farfetched? Lol
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.
Thank you for answering. It's much appreciated.
> Thank you for participating in the SeattleWA ProcessTM The only process that is messier than the Seattle City Council.
You monster! Think of the children!
Thank you very much. I try my best to follow my steps from therapy, but it seems to be my biggest hurdle.
"Lol. I'm gonna try this with my wife. As I always have to tell myself: ""Don't 'should' on yourself."""
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!
This is the most perfect thing I've ever seen. So many layers
You’re welcome!
I am more of a dumbass for building a $2500 308 AR-10 for my first rifle... regret it but just not willing to sell it till this day
Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH
Aren’t people on the internet the best! I don’t blame you for deleting, no time for negativity in this life. 🍻 
Women should have all the same rights as men. That does not include ending another human’s life.
I upvoted because this is absolutely stupid and hilarious at the same time
haha thanks, let me know how it goes when you use it.
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.
Cheers mate, ill do that!
I'm out of my past issues in many ways; thank you for the concern. What is one without their vices
I love this story. So much.
I'm am L O L ! Beautiful! Use that brain. It's a good one. ~toktomi~
i hope this grossed u out ur welcome 😎
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.
This is why I love Reddit.
You guys really took this loss well. I'm stunned at how not-salty you minor leaguers are taking it. Totally not full of excuses and what-ifs.
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.
I know what I said son
Kabhi Khushi kabhi gam? Slightly different but raichands were rich and mother was doing pooja.
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.
That [NAME] laugh gets me everytime. League pass commercial breaks are the best.
I’d like him because he is very good. But he’s not a necessity.
Dude theyre in a fuckin hospital. Take them their food.
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F
I came here to tell you that this wins this sub and I’ll never be able to finish reading it.
Nicely done sir
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all
Kirkland liquor is amazing. I can get a cheap bottle of vodka or scotch that's basically a mid tier bottle for half the price.
so cute
Don’t make fun of the cancer kid
That pizza looks good
Love mine too. t-shirt
Wow. Yes
Oh, real cool! Thanks for the references.
I don't live there just have family there.
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.
Usually they ask, and the generic is almost always cheaper. It's shitty of them not to ask though. 
100% yes. My sister's ex is an actual monster but my niece still sees his family.
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;
[NAME], that's pretty damn good for a state like Virginia, which, although not a swing state anymore, was red not so long ago. 
I love the neck movement at the end 😂
Dude my brother just paid $300 for an ounce, can’t wait for legalisation
This is what we have for emergencies. It’s great and takes the 1 lbs canisters that are super cheap and easy to find.
Big thanks to OP for that magnificent wall. I guess that we can reopen the government now.
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.
Right. I am more focused on the length of the relationship vs their age.
Can’t wait for this match
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
What a fantastic combover! What brand of comb do you use?
I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand
ha Ha HA
Congrats man! Which troop are you on?
Oh I didn’t notice the salt before. I’ll leave it out when I made it, thank you!
Oh, I think I misread it somewhere. Good news then! Hope [NAME] will use him next season. L
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.
Oh don't thank me, thank the uploader! They did a quick job.
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.
This is everything! Congrats for being brave, cause I know I wouldn't be. Keep us posted on what happened
I should have known better, its obviously not a juul. I was just happy to see Oliver Tree tbh 
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success
Is that how you deal with people you disagree with? Nice personal fantasy you have there.
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.
You’re as cool as a hand-job on a honeymoon. Go draw some anime and cry yourself to sleep.
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...
Your username sort of checks out? Lol
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**
I love military films, this was good. My theater was clapping when each terrorist got killed lol
Thanks ? Lol I'm no internet warrior but that crossed the line. I also DM the video to [NAME]. The girl deserves love
I’m a little scared of telling my parents (I’m in high school.) How do I approach them about this?
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?
At least if you don't have the body, you've got the sense of humour. So I can rule you out or is it a possibility lol
We have the problem and just started a group for couples without kids to make friends on Facebook this past weekend.
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.
I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..
His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something
"It makes for awkward conversation when I ask ""What's your favorite song?"" And I get ""I just liked the shirt"" in response"
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!
I'm so sorry
I bet there's something delicious in there that hornets do make
This is fantastic
This looks so damn cool! I’d love a shirt like this!
no your are disrespectful at least i pay my respects
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.
I buy VHS, DVD and Blu-ray. I have a huge collection.
Lol I’d leave my work phone off and be like, nope didn’t see any calls lol
Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.
You sweet summer child...
Fuck this team
"Did you guys notice that one of the headlines on the magazine from the last act said ""A real life marvel"" I loved that little detail honestly"
I mean, I believe even Showgirls is a better movie than TLJ at this point.
It's embarrassing!
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?
Cant wait to hear a hot take from the second dumbest people who ever loved ([NAME] ots the first if you are asking)
He has been given all the time/freedom in the world - he just doesn't deliver.
Thanks a lot. That will give me some things to google.
You could be right!
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. 
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.
Can confirm. He went political with his comedy though, which doesn't work for conservatism
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.
I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.
It’s pretty cringe
Not cheating and not using exploits is honorable. Other opinions are not relevant imo.
That’s my favorite insult ever
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.
There has to be some repercussions for this judge, right? Considering the crimes, that bail seems incredibly low...
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets
Thank you! I do so love making people laugh, and when they let me know I did good.
I just finished rewatching the film and let me tell you. [NAME] is a legend.
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!
I may have undersold the amount of trucks. 😂
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.
I don’t think you understand selling at a loss
The wolves have been bad for so long that I actually did completely give up watching basketball.
This WILL work for you [NAME]!! I have hope for you bro!!
I love your writing style!
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
The goodest human
The NHL has the best All-Star events. the 3v3 tournament is so fun to watch.
It's my birthday today, so thank you, I guess? I hope something nice happens to you too.
It’s a shame there is no sound lol
Does Instagram and Facebook have these nested ads/ articles? I’m not on social media enough to notice. Well Reddit, but I never see ads. 
Don’t be so negative. Living like a medieval peasant is easy in today’s world.
I really wish the conversation surrounding masculinity had just an ounce of empathy for men, rather than just the pretense of empathy for men
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.
Disgusting, but fascinating.
That's what I said! Except the bad person part but ya know what I mean.
Amazing. Roasted sweet potatoes as well are dynamite
"I am sure epic is going to go the disney way and not have any ""controversal"" stuff on their platform."
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.
i think you could say the chat about smelling their own farts was also added for comedic effect
I love that smile of his!!!!
Sure, they can help nurse [NAME] back to health. 
Wildlife Ecology! Really gives you a better perspective on how natural systems work
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.
The sheer size of [NAME] now is insane, would love to see him come back at heavyweight 
[NAME] - same fucking problem, slightly better command of the English language.
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?
That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen
I don’t think it’ll happen solely because of UA, however that’ll surely be cool if it does happen
Sounds like a good deal to me. Where do I sign?
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.
♥ thanks for understanding
I love it (Blacklock holiday)
Ok this makes more sense now.
Ain't that the truth, lol
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship
Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic
Always down for some Liverpool love
that tease tonight lowered my hopes
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!
No Mayo No Care.
Keep your expectations low and you're less likely to be disappointed?
you forgot miracle, fake fan
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake
I’m offended that your offended
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though
Hey, that's ok
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...
I joined DbD right after [NAME] release, but man I wish I had the splinters
This. Thank you.
No it's laziness. People don't clean because there isn't an immediate consequence and the reward for cleaning isn't large enough.
I think we can all agree that this is the right answer.
That's no excuse.
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3 
True. I'm not from the US so i dont know how they would go about enforcing this law.
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.
You. I like you.
Yeah it’s not a fatal error, hopefully [NAME] and [NAME] can stay healthy next year and hit that milestone or at least flirt close to it. 
Women wear makeup to threaten other women. It has nothing to do with men. Same w all their weird mutilations.
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.
Okay just thought it would be a good idea.
Fair enough haha
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking
I think thats dumb and simplistic. You really can't boil down the sociology of race by comparing it to 2+2=4.
How did I not know this?! That show is so good.
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.
I hope the surgery goes well and have a quick recovery 💚
I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. 
Thank [NAME] this was said, I feel 100% the same way. 
FUCK LES BRUNS
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.
Thanks I love him
Ah, thanks. 
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.
This is great. Good Yard!
They are having a whole bunch of problems , maybe they are paying so the state doesn't go after them as well.
so painful to watch
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day
This is so, so great.
"Lmao the cop stops like *""Fuck, well I guess he won't be resisting on the way""*"
Your opinion doesn’t matter enough to me to trigger me :)
My school did this too except with a gold spray-painted plunger. Kids love toilet humor. 😎
Thanks for the feedback!
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol
Your ass after I beat you so hard you shit yourself
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. 
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.
I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.
For those behind stupid WaPo
Alright bud, I'll be sure to do that on my nearest panic attack. Cheers
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.
I can when enough time has passed. I've got each of their playoff games from that year and it's fun to relive it during the offseason.
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.
I'm worried that even in the summer we're not going to have the funds necessary to do that.
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. 
Thank you sir, this has made me happy. 
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.
Drink off those hangovers boys, we have the best team in the universe to watch
I remember seeing the trailer for this. I was lit when I heard [NAME]. Great movie
Thanks, I hate constant reposts.
Thanks for actually reading and responding to the question...;) I’ll check those out
Not sure how you could put [NAME] there, he's been our worst defender 
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.
Congrats bud! Hope it was a good 21st!
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.
Nice work!
Congrats to you
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
Sounds fun, is it?
You don't suck, jazz is amazing man. Thanks for a album to listen.
I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad
That's the spirit
She represents window licking retards.
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!
Thank you, love. You too! ❤ It's nice to find kindred spirits.
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.
How much carbon you're removing doesn't matter much if you're still adding way more than you remove.
I feel like I lost focus... I have not accomplished anything and the clock isn't really stopping
For what it's worth, I hope you have a great year anyway.
What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I don’t see an issue. 
Yeah, somebody needs to seek counseling immediately. 
I was just watching the episode last night. So adorable.
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot
Idiots gonna idiot.
We got a great view around 9pm before the rain!
You had great seats!
get your ass to mars!
Haha came here to say this, that shit spun me out right proper it did!
Best of luck in your career :)
I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.
What a tool!
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.
Opposite for us! My fiance cuddles me because it helps him fall asleep, then I can play video games in bed!
[NAME] literally won the game of baseball that night. Like, go home, we're done, he just won baseball forever.
This is where the fun begins.
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016
TIL that TYL that this is both of their jokes. Even if it was like that is funny.
There’s this which is terrifying to think about
Thank you for responding with truth to a top comment that is intentionally very misleading
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !
Yeah I haven't felt anything in days. It's like I'm numb, I hate that feeling.
This architecture will be treasured even more in a couple of generations. We must act now to conserve it. Btw, happy cake day, slaphead.
These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.
Laughed. Out. Loud
Lol, my parents know my old account too and probably this one. The struggles are real
It was tough at first, but I'm slowly learning to love again.
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.
"I love any story that includes the phrase: ""Some gypsies showed up"". "
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !
Agree completely except that I would switch [NAME] and [NAME]
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check 
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall
Lies, damn lies and statistics. 
Anyone who downvoted this comment doesn’t understand the necessity of government.
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.
thank you so much please subscribe
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol
This man... This man is doing [NAME] work!!
Because feminists have equal rights already. Feminism only still exists because some women figured out that they could use to further their privilege.
Back in my day the only bars you could find were real ones👴
"Two supposedly separate accounts created a day apart both misspell ""faggot"" the same way. Same dude confirmed."
That's a great dream. I love how your inner voice of him came out. It feels right on.
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent
Weird that it wasn't included in the article.
Seattle's train is nice... once you get there. It is an absolute hike from the terminal
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?
I see what you saw there.
Of course there are a lot of people who think feminism and diversity are bad.
ah thats my bad, she just finished the blog and im sharing it around, one sec and ill edit it. 
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!
They're really cute but I'd never in a million years own one because they literally smell like week-old pissed on rugs.
As a college student that played football I'm with you lol. My team smashed mcdonalds all the time and it was great
I never thought to look for this subreddit! Thanks for sharing. I love this show
[NAME] thanks dude
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what ""ironic"" means."
It was a wild circus for a few years here, lol
As someone who is Scandinavian, you have to admit that [NAME] are either short or VERY tall.
I stuck a bit of glass up there. It was a pane in the ass.
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
Thank you for your advice! I really do appreciate it and will implement it as the kids get older.
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh
Awesome me too, can't wait.
I can name a favorite verse in the bible, it’s that one yknow, the one with [NAME] and [NAME]!
My favourite is when [NAME] was getting ready to be taken out of her house, but she had to have a bowl of Froot Loops first.
JACKPOT!!!
Me neither weeds is bad
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.
[NAME]
Thanks. I'm in the same boat about being against therapy. Good luck to you too.
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad
I’m so sorry. <3
Thanks. I though it was fooling a penquin.
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me
I am so upset for you and your family. She knew what she was doing, which makes this even more horrifying.
The best one ever, a four year old girl: “You smell old.”😦 You’re not wrong, kiddo...
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.
This thing happened a couple years back, still haven't gotten back into the working world. Though, I appreciate the support.
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do 
I'm glad you're feeling better! Keep smiling :)
Your wife has beautiful nails!
Thanks to the finicky nature of the reddit app, i accidentially gilded this post. Congrats :p
Agreed. To add, we also need to see how coaching changes shake out when it's all done.
Sounds painful man
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!
The real bad beat.
What a pretty young lady
I cut onions to hide my feelings.
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!
you seem fun!
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness 
I want my fucking cake back.
> Get used to it, the cons are back. I just wish that they were pros instead of cons
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?
Ah got it. Marked it sorry!
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.
I wishhhh. She’s honestly what started getting me the fuck away from centrism
And I laughed
I'm very motivated to make things as easy/optimized as possible so that I can be as lazy as possible.
Makes me sad I'll never be with a beautiful woman.
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though. 
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.
Lmao is this a bot?
This is a hige step! Congratulations, and looking forward to hearing about your recovery. You have a whole new free life to look forward to :)
Haha. Thank you
Yeah, what do you know about her? Her Wikipedia page is pretty barren.
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). 
I guess. Thanks.
Yep, especially if the mob on reddit is any indication of the group-think that’s going on in 2019.
ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.
Don’t ever play poker! Lol
Big thanks dude! This will really help me out
wow great news . happy for him
Lol that sucks. It's 80.9 in Vegreville, 84.4 at a Costco, or pretty much between 85-89 cents everywhere in Edmonton and area.
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.
Pull that sucker right up to your face
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!
how sad you feel about this makes me sadder than the actual story lol. you sound like a really kind person.
I can be hard on KAT at times but boy am I glad he signed here for 5 more years
Happy New Year Everybody!
Haha... nice
Lol would share half of the sofa 10/10 times for either of those sweet doggos!
That's good to know, then. You can eliminate that possibility from your mind. But gosh. I'm so sorry you went through all that... 
Reality is often disappointing
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.
Welcome back, [NAME]
Yay let’s get nice and pissed
Easily one of the Top 5 Best Interviews ever
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it
Laziest team I've ever seen.
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it
Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)
Yeah it was a fun game. :D
This didn’t age well
Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol
Thank you brother. I saw you once!
Thats pretty lewd.
I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down
Pls shut up
happy early birthday OP! have fun !
That is the coolest name
I would just like to say that this is an excellent comment. Well-written, and very insightful. Thank you comrade.
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”
You’re welcome!
Fucking Instagram normies
According to them, it's perfectly acceptable to have intimacy with a woman and then ghost/block her number. Lol.
Well that didn't take long, sorry for your loss :(
[NAME] brought in a guest writer for this so hopefully it gets rectified soon. I still really like DrawTwo but this has to be fixed
Thank you for helping me realize that p&r bloopers is exactly what i need right now
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead
Good luck mate!
Ok good. Thanks for letting me know. I’m not very experienced with Reddit’s messaging/chat so I wasn’t sure.
Had to stick my fist in my mouth in bed lmao
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the ""wrong"" kinds of men"
He has never had success
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...
You better have done 3oh!3 proud and twisted
[NAME] has to lose it a some point, just hope it's not tonight.
"You know the first thing they're going to ask ""so, are you hungry?"" "
Glad you got to see a good one!
I like this kid
I love life, happy new year boys!
Sometimes all you need is to know someone else has been there and believes you can do it too. You got this. Keep it up!
You don’t know what would happen if you lost weight, so why don’t you focus solely on that step first.
I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal. 
I sure hope this dog is reunited with its family. It is one of the cutest dogs I’ve seen, a very unique looking pup!
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure
This is dangerous.
You live in a wonderful fantasy world where all the students will pretend they are not adolescents with raging hormones. Charming.
Ahhh, my birthday month. I must go.. 
I wish I could go, but I can’t. Do enjoy your time and I pray it is spiritually fruitful for you!
Then he should have had his head up. This is hockey, not figure skating. Great hit! I miss that kind of contact in the game.
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.
I feel like [NAME] will have a great bounce back game tonight
YouTube is also fantastic for this stuff too.
Don't feel guilty. If you don't leave it will be continuing the cycle of abuse for your children.
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.
This is painfully fake
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true
"Yeah he was going like ""YOOOO"" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe 
I was too mad to continue with the second episode lol I see now that he's married and think HOW?
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit
"[NAME] "" haters gonna hate"" the most cringe I've seen of any politician. Worse than [NAME] benefit singing some working class song. "
She doesn’t want me to pay. She also doesn’t want me to have any input.
The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].
Thank you for being open to self reflection and for sharing this.
Hold on to your butts!
People who claim others lie often deflect the question when asked for proof. Grow up
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.
He does look much better
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!
Happy cake day!
This is cute.
I mean [NAME] rookie of the year thing. Lol am dumbass Just a misunderstanding.
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns
Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?
I like it!
Best swimmer outta all my siblings 🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️🏊‍♂️💪🏼
Removed and warned. R1
pretty fukkin sure lmao, its over fam, doing another trumpdown would kill the gop so they wont let him do it
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.
Why don't Maroon 5? Regardless of the quality of the song, its been one of the most popular songs for the past 8 months
No car wraps? This was already upvoted a dozen times... Seriously don't understand the mods, man. 
Ok thank you!
Yeah, they have uniforms and everything. It’s really great.
Happy cakeday your username is fun
Thanks bot!
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning. 
YOU BLEEPING NEED ME! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS SUB GREAT WITHOUT ME!
Y'all are fucking annoying
I can always make new friends because I'm charismatic, but I still really care about them.
Simply amazing.
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse
This idea is brilliant.
This is how it should be. I'm so happy to see this post.
I KILL YOU SCUM
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny
Am yisrael chai is a phrase we should never take for granted.
Its hard to look at. Its just gross.
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app
Lol you got us there hahahahahaha way cheaper too
"I love the guy who is like ""the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink"", like that isn't the point."
Haha damn this put a huge smile on my face! Good job on handling that situation. This almost deserves it's own post!
I'm so sorry for your loss. One of my favourite unisex names is [NAME].
that's fair. problem was that some of these responses make a fairly incorrect generalization.
>Maybe they found the key somewhere else on his property and prefer this location better, who knows. Yeah, that makes sense.
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.
Really glad you were there for her. I wish you both the best.
Congrats! Wait till you get your first date and you’ll feel even better.
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.
What's there to disagree on..... it's pretty apparent
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.
Me, it's too cute for words.
"Yeah that's about what I found. Not that specific page but I got into ""My Profile"" "
All those things are definitely your fault. She is much better off without you.
Close your damn mouth before it catches a fly
Good bot lol
Clapping ~~for~~ at me. FTFY
They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(
just give me platinum and go to sleep ♥️
And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay
2019 should just be a picture of a trash can or dumpster on fire. Amazing how shitty DICE can make things in 10 years.
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week
regret unfollowing him...
Happy New Year to you, too!
"""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs"" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds"
It's the best, I haven't been so happy in a long time!
This team is fucking embarrassing.
But it taste and look so good 💦👌
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).
I will admit,I did chuckle a bit
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁
Maybe concerned about you being underweight? She is probably concerned you don’t eat enough and is trying to help you
And I like the taste
Dan cool and rich
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show. 
Ignorance is bliss
He was afraid of flying
Oooh dont call the bad guys for help when your life is at risk okay.
Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.
Police can amend docs, they can’t change them. Even if it’s a name
I love this! Wish I lived in the city!
Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various? 
Lucky you, some people have all the love 
Hoping you’re gonna experience a ton of good days from here on out dude
I’ve never heard of their football team, must be fake news /s
My parents just couldn't understand that pick
>captain [NAME] Wow, great nickname. Do you and the president swap notes on this?
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher
You’re a melon my dude, that is not how it works at all, you have been brainwashed.
I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing
I eagerly await [NAME] rush meta. >=)
So pure I'm smiling :)
I wanted Dallas to win today so they could lose next week. I don’t want LA anywhere near the Super Bowl.
Thanks, obviously I didn't put my best foot forward here, but we are chemistry sets that are designed for certain activities etc.
I agree. Could go either way.
Amazing photo. It looks like a watercolour.
That's awesome. Hahaha
Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD
Just kidding man 😂😂
Is that her official name now? [NAME]
Wholesome and hilarious! Good job OP.
That right hand sent our dad flying across the cage. Lol
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.
You have nothing to lose by going to the police now. They may help with the restraining order, shelter, etc.
Oh, fair enough. Praise be.
That’s actually interesting to me
Yes! Actor [NAME]. Really talented.
Cool story bro
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote 
I'd like to see it set during the [NAME] conquest of China, That'd be cool
Don't you feel embarrassed at all that your country answers to a country literally opposite of the world from yours?
It positively reeks of an abusive household
I seen a video, must have been one of the students where they've completely surrounded the [NAME]. 
Seahawks fans are very bad at just taking the L.
It's very convenient!
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.
Funny.. I mean real funny looking.
Redditors can really come together in a time of dire need.
I always do this. They get closer or just move to another lane lol
You look like 1 of those ISIS fighters got shot in the head
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.
I totally believe it, it's crazy how many drivers are so unaware of their lights
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. 
Im not looking to be forgiven lol. I still stand by what i said. Pll only read half my comment and ran with it
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.
Damn, wish I could just pick up a hobby and start training 4 or 5 times a week...
I'm planning to see one, without my parents knowing though :/ I really hope it gets better. I can't seem to take it anymore. 
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!
Ahhh, I was curious about that since I do both Postmates and IC at the same time.
Beautiful song and great moment in the story
I like this. I like this a lot.
> mopey?Like Droopy? Ah well maybe
Oh thank [NAME]
Teen should report him for abuse.
The denials is crazy in here
Looks like a cool location.
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!
My favorite joke of all time - whenever someone says 'My head hurts' you say 'it'll get better with practice'.
If this is the kind of game you enjoy, you should REALLY check out Blades in the Dark!
Two goals that are directly the fault of the our defense? I feel bad for [NAME]
Let's watch impractical jokers!
He's just getting kicks from pushing buttons. Keep fighting and never give up. It will get better eventually.
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.
> Society usually paints men as emotionless, cold, and self sustaining creatures who don't need affection. Not really, though.
I take it they want to have sex with 🐇s.
You have to assert dominance or they'll never learn.
Juicing at 19 seems so extreme to me
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.
I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that
The ending was awesome
FBI OPEN UP!!!!
Made my day
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.
Fock I cant breathe.
"""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""
B-But big pharma is great! Vaccines everyone! Vaccines! We love big pharma! They never lie! Come on start circlejerking!
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed
Tell her to stop being so fat, then. Edit: /s
our enemy, the state 
The characters and story are really enjoyable. The dungeons are awesome. Generally decent sidequests. Fun items. Cool art style and character designs
I love learning, but I can’t be asked.. 
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. 
nothing I dont owe anyone any explanation.
Absolutely. It takes me back to a much happier time. When I die I hope I go to San Junipero.
Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!
Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. 
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!
I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.
I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way. 
Thanks! I ordered some and let them know I'm traveling so I think I'm pretty set
"""In valor, there is hope"""
Rules say no identifying information
I get all the deja smells and it's terrible.
I'm a danger to myself
I applaud you (in a non-sarcastic way)
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]
You've got time to turn it around. I promise you. You can get there.
That’s cute wth
I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.
I want the Bears to get to the Superbowl because they haven't won one in three decades and my dad is a lifelong Bears fan.
The monster!
YES! And have some fun guests to dish with.
Thanks my boet
It's fine, I just don't want to take the time out of my day to make food... or wait for food.
rich people usually tip the worst lol
Btc is a shite coin
Well done, OP. Thanks.
"You know when I typed ""legal tender"" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."
nice ideas! looking good.
It is his welcome, he can do with it as he wishes. Your misunderstanding is forgiven.
That's not what I've heard ;)
Agreed. Sometimes you just have to move forward and let those determined to be left behind have their wish.
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.
Yeah because what we should do is continue to be an absolute embarrassment.
I have nothing to offer you but my love.
There was no need to crap on this guys feelings but you decided to anyway. At least you did the right thing a helped him dodge a bullet.
One of those is not like the others.
I love you ❤️
That's gorgeous!
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.
Because people hate freedom
Yep. When precedent is very right-wing ‘centrism’ is just “I fundamentally believe we shouldn’t move left any significant amount”
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.
It is good game, they are good generation!
Yesssss!!! [NAME] would be awesome!!! I also alternate between these two shows! So good.
I cannot believe the fucking audacity of him. Have some shame for [NAME] sake.
Thank you very much that was quite swell of u sire
Hah haha ha hah ha I am going to use this one now.
No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!
Good luck OP! I'm rooting for you!
Everything on the internet is real and serious... Im here to be downvoted and laugh.
Fuck yea!
mans got me excited
congrats on trying to correct american english with british english, two separate things
Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! 
Yeah some kid in a BMW ran me off the road. I didnt just crash had some help.
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon
Whoa. I appreciated this, thank you.
That username lmao
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.
>It's not that I care Every reply now is you crying about being downvoted lol
I resent being lumped in with the group you are referencing, but thanks for sharing.
Well, seeing as how communism is by definition stateless, I'd be interested to hear how one would get communism with a state...
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]
Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho
Awesome, it looks like we've found our next scapegoat.
No no this sub has so much to offer. So many great pictures to see. You have a great place here.
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.
"I live in australia and even aussies say ""cook the man some eggs"" as a joke to kiwis"
I don't know what the main broadcast is like, but the MNF crew is amazing.
he did alledge collusion on the part of the owners and GMs against the players. this guy colludes.
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]
I shave it. Btw great way to cheer me up saying I look like I'm 45 at 23
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.
Time to fill our roster with Schiano Men!
Happy cake day !
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.
One time, she punched me in the face. It was AWESOME.
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire
Pretty sure it’s going on in the apartment across from me right now. My neighbors are trashy
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.
This is actually one of the most retarded things I’ve ever seen. Good post op
Damn this sounds like a former friend of mine. She doesn’t get instant validation on things and flips out. Cut negative people out OP.
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?
I’m not much into either, but I have my share of stupid desires. I really want more mermaid tails.
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.
I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!
what a stupid opinion
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?
Mate you are mental, no way [NAME] would mess up like you have said!
Omg, maybe best plot twist. I wish that will happen
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down
What a great photo and you two look so happy. 😍
[NAME] bless [NAME]
That's not it, the game (sigil is a derivative if scrapheap challenge. Thanks for the suggestion I appreciate the suggestion though.
Thanks for the explanation. I got out pre marriage and always wonderd if it would have got worse if we had got married
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!
Get help.
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.
And you're a lame, sorry not sorry 
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes. 
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.
I agree with the last part. Stop getting stopgaps and sign [NAME]...
Oh nice, that sounds convenient!
Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!
Hahaha thanks. I didnt notice the spelling dammit. Edited now.
This is horrific
I love this and you
I forgot the Olympics was gonna happen there 😂 hopefully the signs and stuff will stay!
"If [NAME] had served all fast food buffet to a football team Reddit would be circlejerking ""So down to earth and amazing!!1"""
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.
Haha yeah. But still very nice of Ben I hope that the people who got it will use it 24/7
He looks especially cute in the glasses.
I was wrong about that one part. I've edited my comment to reflect my mistake. Thanks for posting the relevant bit of the bill.
Nope...this master criminal knewe!
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.
Broooooo Just cause I can use my PC to play Earthbound doesn’t mean I don’t want it on my TV
Nah, this sub is for well put together unpopular opinions. This is too low effort.
Ehhh he got played so hard on the [NAME] vs [NAME] situation in 2017. Lost credibility after that for me
Thanks! You too!
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... 
Awesome! Thanks for your reply
I honestly can't imagine [NAME] using any kind of profanity lol
> I can give you a mouthful... Kinky.. Lol
Thank you for the advice!
SOOOOO TRUE!!
This is fantastic. Great work! [NAME] looks adorable and the little finger framing action from [NAME] is an excellent touch.
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk
happy cake day
Sorry to hear it man. Grief is the appropriate thing to feel. I hope she is happy in the afterlife. Peace be with you both.
Thanks for the information!
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.
My entire body aches now
It *feels* unethical?
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔
Thanks. Ive edited to include the Prophet SalAllahualaihi wasallam. i meant 'people' as in the general people in our lives.
You don’t understand it because it’s insanely dumb, as the vid demonstrates.
That's a very interesting theory and it makes sense. How does it gel with the fact that we clearly know the timeline changed?
yeah so even after this he got drafted at 41 only lol...and he dominated vs KAT and rest
This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.
You quack!
[NAME] play fake mad is great. Sitting there starring like he’s the most hardcore fan there is
"At least he was polite - ""please"" fuck off! "
that's not split pushing. split pushing is literally pushing 2 lanes at once.
I wish I loved anything the way [NAME] loves playing hockey
Beyond nightmare!!
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.
I've wanted one ever since [NAME] dual wielded them in Bad Boys 2.
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.
High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol
I'm lost here
Nice try Lumi
Ehhh kill streaks aka point streaks in bfv.. Not impressed. That game is booty water bf1 is way more fun
Thanks. Timeless and eternal right?
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one. 
And most ironic. We created the language but people still don’t properly understand us as the mutated the damn thing
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)
Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte. 
Vancouver is such a beautiful city! I visited it for a half a day and really want to go back.
Are those both not true statements? Everyone loves attractive people, even employers.
[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol
Nice try russia
Holy shit was that the one guy that supported remain? I didn't know we had a celebrity on this board.
[NAME], you're back! And still posting the same old editorialized political garbage, I see. Some things never change.
I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids. 
You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)
I'm so sad.
Obligatory fuck the dodgers
Looks amazing! You've reminded me that I need to organise a good hill walk or two this summer.
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.
*hugs my teddy bear and starts crying*
also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain
Thanks i really appreciate it.
depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope
THANK you. They don’t even know how they sound
Hooray!! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1! Number 1!
[NAME] You are the ultimate forhead Winner!!! Chose your price!
No one is going to create more competition for themselves
Sorry, you misspelled disrespectful. You don't have my trust. Here are the divorce papers.
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.
Y'all just introverted. It's cool to be akward we extroverts, at least smart ones, love you anyway
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.
I would like a link as well, please. :)
BALL DONT LIE
Nothing about that looks comfortable
>arent as attractive as their peers Except for the women who date older RICH men, those tend to be more attractive.
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
Haha, willing to sacrifice eternal paradise for a taco. I'd make that trade, straight across..at least the taco is real ='D
You got whooshed fair and square. Take your medicine.
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!
Private practice cash only in a wealthy suburban area. Just see the worried well and live the dream.
Glad we agree.
I just wanted to play arcade games together.
So, [NAME] was also paying to allow her to eat healthier. Let’s look at the bright side! 
Yeah, all the stun cannonballs are horrible. 
Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!
Sorry, sometimes I really can't tell in here. 
I’m glad you did
Ok. Got it. Thanks
She looks pretty big to me. I doubt she’s within a healthy weight range.
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.
Your brother really saw the light huh!
Just another above average looking girl who works out for a year and gets a million followers for posting her ass. We live in a society
"""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"""
Not complain. She could not complain since she made no effort in the beginning.
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi
 cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. 
>You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.
I apologise. It looks like you can be charming from time to time, not only today.
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!
Looks like I’m getting an incredibles suit designed for me in this class
Drives me crazy.
Wouldn’t have looked as cool.
Thanks. Those are great suggestions.
There is a reason 15 people liked my comment dear, those fifteen people all think you are pretty. I hope you see this... 👓
Oh I went balls to the wall and got SUPER SPECIFIC!!!
Invisible Monsters is amazing. I'd say it should be made into a movie, but that would be difficult.
This literally made my day!
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.
I hope [NAME] bullies wittle baby [NAME] tonight, like he did last year!
He probably got hurt making the video
Why should I care what he thinks?
Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.
People there are great citizens out there who dislike Rick & Morty studies) should be legalized already.
it’s a sensitive topic and she probably took it as if smelling bad lol. i’d just avoid saying that
I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.
I see that you also braved the farmers' market this morning!
Haha Thank you. It got hard to choose who is with what after OSU, PSU, Michigan and Rutgers
I'm elated to hear that 🤗
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :( 
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have a wonderful day! -HappyFriendlyBot
Still don't get my point, but thanks anyway.
He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.
LOL I think I'm the opposite, once I rehearse in my head, I mess up completely; I'm way better at improvising. 
I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point 
I probably would have upvoted it for effort.
Oh I know. I will never forget either of those scenes, poor kid.
How aren’t you in fucking school
I like that, and the baby laughs at the duck so it makes it cute rather than annoying :)
"Damn I got a notif from a (very cute) friend saying ""no u"" on Discord right before I saw this"
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!
Now it makes sense.
"""Sponge Blurb Pubs Quaw Haha GURR ha AAa!"" finale is too real"
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.
Wasnt meant to be rude at all.. more like that everything is going to be alright soon
You're a horrible person.
Thank you for the advice. I was thinking it was envy, and I needed some place to get advice from some strangers.
Probably the same thing the rest of us do, chuckle and ponder how it can get any worse 😂
It is the truth lol
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.
I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.
If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.
She’s lovely! Cheers to your lives together
[NAME] damn it I hate when enemy keepers use their hands and stuff to keep the ball outside their goal. Make a mistake pls.
Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...
[NAME] is so cute ^_^, the second bunny image is my favourite. Since you haven't got any requests... I request Himiko.
i think that bungie learned the lesson of Infinity Ward. Great job guys!
Ignorance, Illustrated
It's not vague at all. No one aside from slave owners thinks anyone has a rightful claim to another persons life.
Arrow already did break this trend by having a mostly excellent S5, definitely much better than S3 and S4.
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes
I agree, but with having [NAME] and [NAME] on, he was still our MOTM. 
Agreed, but I can't believe the bottom of the barrel just has double French doors opening into the foyer of yet another barrel.
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]
Increase in robberies on pot shops. I really hope not though.
Thank you, I've been looking for this forever.
There is no way that happened, dialogue is too coherent to be Scottish.
Breaking bad all over again
I will pray for you. [NAME] bless
they're a bit expensive anyways
Hey I’m at Ellsworth and Guadalupe! No snow 😕 probably while we sleep tonight 😐 Happy New Years neighbor!!
"Maybe it needs to be ""Hall of Shame"" instead of a museum."
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water
are you dumb bro? please watch again and don’t downvote me for stating facts. holy shit you’re inept.
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"""
This is pretty funny
If only he could’ve known that [NAME] made it out safe and got to live honestly for a little while
In my school we have specific councilors for the students matched alphabetically. Mine just sucks.
I'd give you a shovel so you could dig your head out of the sand, but I have a feeling you'd refuse.
Thank you for this!
great another filler episode, not like we have had enough of them
"Safeco had these chocolate covered ""fruit kabobs"" that were damn good. "
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.
Are you forreals?! I had no clue at all. Maybe i need totake a better look at the menu damn thanks dude
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!
Good for you, [NAME]! You deserved a nice drink to end a year where you made an impact in peoples lives! Cheers!
Give a listen to Gramatik, he is amazing
The best album.
He had a hat trick with Cruz Azul in what I think was his debut in the CONCACAF Champions League. Really wish he was given more of a chance
Lol do it.. then block him again
Gotcha, thanks. Sounds like it's just my ignorance of the game.
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.
Nice! I'm glad there was a great turnout. Congrats!
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.
Best game I've watched from Barcelona since the other 6-1 two years ago!
Hey congrats man, you passed your limits, now keep on going Tekken only gets more fun the better you get
I feel that nobody cares and nothing will be different because this is a total non issue for vast majority of people.
She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks
Done, good luck with your thing.
That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.
Damn that is sexy
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not
Spider Man is pretty awesome.
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.
Oh, you're *actually in* several of those subs. lol. Ok then.
Save those texts, call the cops, restraining order and no contact. You need to do this for you and the baby. 
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!
Oh that's lovely.
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️
Feminism Is For Everybody and The Will To Change: Men, Masculinity and Love by bell hooks could be of interest to you both.
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy. 
Happy Birthday! ✨
Enjoy trading a potential superstar for the worst guard defender in the league.
I'm great. I am having pho for lunch.
Oh my, my Japanese course is paying off! Yes that's what I was trying to say 😄
Beating OSU some how lol
A fuckin men
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out. 
Yeah, I really thought [NAME] would take his game to the next level coming here, not a big step back. Hopefully consistency will help him out. 
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.
Please stop LOOKING, and go.
We're like bad luck lightning rods. Everybody around us is safe
I needed to read this because I felt so bad for this guy... I just can't imagine a long walk home in winter.
A classic question. He wanted to create to share His love and existence.
You're welcome. I'm always up for providing ammo for fighting the narrow minded and religiously intolerant.
Ah, thank you! I’ve only seen them as decoration and on hotel doors. I had forgotten the name, thanks!!
Lopez is a better rim protector but I get your point
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.
To be honest, I have complete sympathy for this woman and she needs help, not prison. 
You’re funny if you think 27 vs 1 is going to somehow end in a good deal for the UK.
Huh, interesting. Thanks!
Thanks all. It was a league game in our local bar. The dealer rotates on each hand. Lesson learned from me.
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him
This sounds encouraging. I hope they get lots of support from the public.
I feel digestive regret just looking at them.
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America
Lol okay cool
dae [NAME] IS MOMMY FUCK MY ASS WITH A BACKHOE MOTHER YES GAWD *tongue pop* WHAT A TALENTED ACTRESS BUT ALSO PARENTAL FIGURE
Expect the unexpected [NAME] funding secured.
Happy cocaine on a plate day!
I appreciate the fact that you used your precious time to translate the meme in Latin.
I will go back to actually read the piece in its entirely but wow. Her gray is so pretty. I’m jealous
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh
Far from it. Name me one player that's ever left NY that we wanted to retain. I'll wait.
I was joking about a broader trend I've noticed.
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.
Oh [NAME] how awful
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.
Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure 
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.
I guess you were hoping for love from someone who is not well enough to offer love.
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)
They're wrong I don't like math and I'm still ugly
Then leave him. You're not married and sexually comparability is a huge part of making a relationship work. Don't underestimate this my friend.
Lucasfilm never once said he was ancient or all powerful. [NAME] did, but that was an actor trying to build up hype for his character
why thank you!
Spoiler: I think they mean me, even though I would hope that is literally the opposite of what my comments have been doing. 
Yeah she looks pretty cute in that pic tbh
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years
A ray of light and a beacon of hope. Absolutely beautiful.
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.
At least your stepdad didn't just take the pillow look at you and leave...
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.
I am with you. Despite leaving stuff at his place, i am slow but surely done.
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner! 
“No, you cannot get better” LOL
I get that but there may be some folks out there that aren’t like that. Any help would be much appreciated.
Some pretty dark shit man
"Thank you, [NAME]. I really like how you've summed up your own ""soft theist"" position. :-)"
[NAME], that fucking sucks.
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately
Glad [NAME] found some love in his life
Block her.
She’s a disgusting snob.. Feel bad for the workers. :(
Best summary of the situation right here.
I had a young woman patient who was repeatedly found on the floor, naked and masturbating.
It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!
I find Asian men hot and have dated a few - I'm a white woman
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!
Ya, because it’s funny and relatable
Thanks for the lead. Ordered.
Haha, then i am in... :)
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. 
Thanks everybody!
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.
In my mind. I forgot everything :(
Like any relationship... Communication is key 🔑 Oh yeah Please just be yourself 
That was one of the most entertaining chalenges though. That and [NAME] slamming the table
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol
Yes it is I’m 99.9% sure! Thank you! Enjoy your gold.
Someone please send me the full episode I need to see the rest :(
Stop. The Bulls played great tonight.
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up
Congratulations on the embroidery, and on quitting tobacco!
Haha imagine if that limo in Vancouver where him, [NAME], and [NAME] were shirtless had a dash cam.
Right back at ya! Also love the username!
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.
Forgot to mention that it contains lanolin, don't know if thats a deal breaker. Regardless, alcohol free emollient + occlusive is the way to go
Lol... that is awesome.
He was the best hitter in baseball 2017 ST. That's not a joke. What happened since is a few things, but he was.
"Thank you for the tip. I've added it to my ""to read"" list."
This is so good!
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.
Nice! Boahs for everyone!
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.
What’s all this meow?
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA
A stork bite your baby?!?! *kidding*
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.
No. It doesn't. And a moron on Reddit has no authority to say that it does.
That son of a bitch!
"""Do we need a GoFundMe for automated doors"" hahahah!"
Upvoting simply for the (Eli = )
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.
Those vast differences don't get noticed by the public.
No just take care of your body!!! Fuck that
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.
Thanks, I actually just reached out to my counselor and said I'd like to switch to just myself.
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.
Love the place but be ready to wait. They really do take the time to make sure you look good and fresh.
Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?
Can't. Prequel bad. Bearded [NAME] Man idea bad. OT era only good thing.
Everybody seems to be lost.
Sodaman going sicko mode
Yes, huge problems. Buy it anyway. Such a sexy car with the power and fun to drive factor to match.
I’m sorry there was trouble, but I’m glad it ended as okay as it did.
Glad you liked it!
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
Tournament was a blast met some really cool people loved it all. Thanks for holding it. Would love to do it again someday
thank [NAME]. maybe we will finally get to have some proof of life for [NAME] and get some answers about [NAME].
Absolutely nothing! LOL
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.
How many times do you have to watch The Office. lol!
Thanks, I hope I can get through it too. Good luck with your futile attempts to sleep :p
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!
Do it :) You’d make my day!
I actually liked them. I love the idea of Conqueror being a rabid and maniac dog.
No, it's hard to come by!
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...
Because I have no self-control and I hate myself.
Awe! That sucks!
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.
Not probable, I study in the best university in my country, I don't want to stop at all
Now you see me.... Too. Lol
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring
I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.
Agreed. Was just pointing out the rules to OP.
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.
Feel your pain.
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that
I wonder if she unliked you? That'd then make sense for the rest of it.
[NAME] is POG indeed. I was kinda hoping to see him join Paris Academy team though.
I was just joking...
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.
I love the “I’m sleeping” and then the realization
aw, thanks! I appreciate that! 
Spriefs ( spandex/athletic boxer briefs). Feels like nothing, keeps your junk in place, breathable and is super cool looking.
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.
This is the day we've been waiting for! WWOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
This is the sweetest thing ever, im gonna steal it and use it on my fiance
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying
They can't they need a morty dumbness shield
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on
Celtic das really are a different breed. If this is how they react to one loss, our next title is going to be fun.
His name also references UGA.
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.
THANK YOU!
Things did not go well on Eros Station...
i feel we can all relate
I can safely and honestly attest that I have had *nothing* to do with any disappearances of any sort. ~~[NAME] has already touched the reply button.~~
if he would only have any marketable skills, alas I think he is going to serve hard time
Agree, I love her so much
It's harder to find a decent picture of him
Brave move. Congrats and best of luck.
Good to know thank you! Is per diem at hospital?
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.
"Oh like ""both of."" Gotcha. Good times"
Thanks man I appreciate that! I just feel like I'm in a tailspin of not being good enough and idk how to get out of it
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper. 
"very wise, your flair reminds me of the quote ""There can be no true despair without hope."""
You know what you’re right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away. 
take up english sometime, you might enjoy it.
Ya, definitely gotta not feel like a [NAME] sometimes too. 
Honestly i have no clue. Just got my feelings hurt by the mean things he was saying to nurk and wanted to cyberbully him in response
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging
Don’t worry it will work at some point haha.
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.
What an awful last 10 minutes. Can't even make one pass to someone.
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)
America is cool
I love how you are a individual just trying to be yourself. I always say sexuality is the least interesting things about yourself.
Thank you, I need it. I am currently trying to learn French, would that help ?
I like your enthusiasm and hope for the same outcome, but as the old saying goes- don't count your eggs before they hatch. 
Who brings a gun to a middle school in the first place? This kid was not right.
And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites. 
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].
Omg wow, this is great. Thank you so much!
Ah St.Tiernan's up to no good as usual.
Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me
Theyre asking for a leak, not a theory
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes... looks like she braced before impact. Probably gets this shit all the time. 
Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.
It's not his fault, it's your wife's. Shes the one you need to be pissed at
Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.
It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.
Glad it was helpful!
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it
Oh god, How I always wish she shows up to the lonely hearts party every time I watch that episode.
Lol no wonder it's so expensive. I've been wondering if his developers are taking him for a ride.
Haha I don't know where you are, but I feel you
If you would do exactly as that kid did - then you will never get it. You’re defending a smug little asshole.
I appreciate it, thank you. I will discuss consequences with my husband. It will probably be me taking my daughter elsewhere until [NAME] leaves.
That’s a pretty great play mate. I applaud you.
This time next year, this game will be praised. The current installation will be ridiculed in its place. Its been this way for years 
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.
So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.
“hurrrr mumble crap sucks so much u cant understand what they saying wheres all the lyrical spiritual miracle individual biblical rhymes smh”
I would love to know the Governor'sr's response to that line!
The best thing to come out of this result and today’s other games is that 6 point buffer to 5th
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks
So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox
It gives me hope as well!
You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying them.
Thanks for not declaring that in a karma whory way like so many of your fellow fans
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...
Yikes, what a loony bird.
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.
I went there once and was like “yeah neat I guess” around the same time. Totally forgot about it until I saw the pic of the door
Praise [NAME]. Hope his health issues have gotten better. Dude should be on a contender right now 😭
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol
I'm hoping this is a 12 year old trying to be funny
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.
All those empty seats smh. Imagine paying $300+ just to see the Rangers get slaughtered at home. And yet, I still want more goals haha.
I love it lol!
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.
Hope this place will still be around in a few years time!
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you
Sweet seats! You're lucky to have been there!
yea I agree, and [NAME] is way younger so has trade value. [NAME] is still an offensive powerhouse but his DWAR is slumping.
This is what I'm currently dealing with and I'm glad I read this. Nice reminder thank you lol.
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...
Thanks for your input, I should have clarified the pop part of pop psych.
[NAME] looking good for a big game
No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.
How you don't give in to her every whim is amazing to me. You're a much stronger person than me.
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.
The game is riddled with error messages.
One can only dream about having such a good team one day again. Now we have Sansores y Vilchis no mames haha.
On being 3x over the speed limit while under the influence, that alone makes him very guilty of something wrong. Thanks for the additional information.
Who’s fucking a shark !?
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.
I was also [NAME]. We all make mistakes
Ah man, so many memories of those skits
We both will be having a read at these links, thank you! 
"""Stay in your lane, bro."""
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would 
"Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the ""generally accepted"" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?"
I'm sorry but did anybody else read the first paragraph and get flashbacks to My Immortal? \x45\x62ony [NAME], is that you???
Thank you 😁
Lucky you, our low is only gonna be 3°
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!
That’s unfortunate
Good advice thank you I appreciate it. I need to learn to focus my mind again
Yeah suck it, California
Well, this is the first time I've seen that in over three years.
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.
I miss rock fest 😔
That was quick lol. I like what I see so far too but come on
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid
Probably because it mentioned [NAME] but idk. It's just was a harmless joke lol.
I like [NAME]. He's the most experienced, and he seems like an all-around nice guy.
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.
Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby! 
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable
I'm not crying YOU are crying!!
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
"LOL top right one says ""It's MY birthday"""
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.
I don’t think anyone on this show has ever joined a sport for exercise. [NAME] is awesome!!!
No worries. We just like to make sure everyone is safe and has a voice.
haha me neither.
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.
One of the rare times I actually laugh out loud while browsing online.
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.
Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.
I hope his pants fell down from the extra weight lmao
The US and Canada are great allies, it's really a shame they've elected their worst. 
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)
Why are you okay with racism and why are slurs the red line?
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one ""socialists"" fire departments arent socialist "
For the love of [NAME] stop making him relevant. Please.
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):
Burn themall!!!!
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now. 
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.
Another episode of idiots with guns
You can pull yourself out of it. Fight those urges.
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.
That's funny because I used to hate him but researching more just made me like him more
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.
Oh okay. Thanks.
Because it's straight up untrue. It's a new ce idea but anyone relying on the sentiment is going to be repeatedly disappointed.
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.
Oh definitely, there was reports of [NAME] and his supporters using Spam to spread misinformation throughout the entire campaign.
Well this is terrifying.
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕
suck me beautiful
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.
Happy to hear that :). Where are you from btw?
It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!
I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing
I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR 
He makes Talking Thrones look good.
Loved this book
I just want instant run off voting, which wasn't one of the three options.
Fair enough! that's useful and relevant (if anecdotal) evidence. I whish there where good studies on all of this. :-/
Omg [NAME]! One of my favorite bb players
#Go Knights Go!!
So you are projecting to defend your hate. Nice psyche you have there enlightened one
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.
😭 I wanted her to be on the top 4; now we’ve heard plenty of times [NAME] mentioned so pretty sure ain’t gonna happen
but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful
How the hell do you get downvoted for a submission statement on /r/TrueReddit. Title or not it is still required.
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.
I fucking love ten min power hour xD
Its ridiculous.
That’s what I was thinking as well. I could think of a few ways to go about restoring a painting but not on a wall. Lol
Well I got checked at the last Toulon game haha, so not the case.
Yep, famous German basketball player. 7’ tall. 
Great picture! What a amazing tribute! I love Dallas
Yepp, plenty of people like a nice big bush! I literally have no preference and think both are totally sexy. 
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America
Thanks man!
That is by far too strong of a passive
Thanks I have been, hopefully at an acceptable level to yourself
He'll be the difference maker in the playoffs. He can get any shot he wants because of his all time great ball handling
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone
"Without even talking about diabetes, you really must be an asshole to celebrate overeating and call it ""progress"""
You're right but ”just be confident” (I know that you didn't say it ) is really hard when you're unattractive
Lol, how much XP you get for that?
jeeez i've never seen a scorpion so bad it actually flipped the person up right
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.
Lmfao, so true. 
I see, thanks for the clarification.
it always depends on person and dosage. get products with only dex youll thank yourself for it.
Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!
That's true. It's on you if you want to practice respect and kindness for its own sake.
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well
Players like this makes me rage quit tbh.
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.
found it already but thank you
I just don’t like him 😂
It's cute to hear that teens are still having mall dates--I thought those died out 15 years ago.
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING
Fuck shit bitch
Lol I don’t think it’ll change anything.
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.
Ah haven't heard of them before. [NAME] is from Fourig which is right outside Dayton. Congrats on your new addition! <3
I'm not ready, I'm not ready, I'm REALLY not ready.
America.... I have done goofed!
Gotcha, thanks for the reply. I know about the emulator ones, just wasn’t sure if any had been ported
I needed this in my life
Eeeee busted, I couldn’t help myself hehe. 
Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.
What? lol no. I feel bad they have to, but there are legit people who enjoy wearing it to show devotion.
Sorry !! You’re real good at that!!
lol Holy shit.
This post gave me incredible anxiety until I saw the back tires rolling sideways which was amazing.
Omw. When my man sends me that I get all warm and excited cuz I know I get to spends the next couple hours or days with him
Congrats! Make one extra payment a year and you’ll have it paid off in 15 years instead of 30.
Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.
It was a great AMA too
That’s sex discrimination. The male class has their own bathrooms but the female does not.
best joke ever ahahahhahahahahahaha
Wow, I wonder who's going on about Tahiti in the background.
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.
Me too! First time in a couple of years!
Hey PBR is good ‘cheap’ beer tho.
You’ve got a lot to learn about this town, sweetie. 
I’m super proud of him. Great guy!
Yeah you are second. Time to move on lol
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again
Never once is it implied that the birds can sense crazy people.
Yeah I know, it’s just wishful thinking but I would be ecstatic if it came out today
Can’t be worse than last week
Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow
Just say that you don't like it. It tastes of blood, tears, and death.
I think it was Volantis, but yeah I agree.
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.
I wish I could forget
Luckily I never got sucked into Overwatch, because I know if I had I would definitely have an unhealthy amount of playtime racked up. 
This is love <3
[NAME] was such a nasty POS. In his dirty wifebeaters with his malt liquor. “Men have needs...” He disgusts me.
This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.
This interview has so much gold in it. The Wreck it Ralph bit is my favourite.
You can talk to me. It'll be good having someone nice around.
This goes hard, keep working just a little bit more on it. It feels like a demo to a cool song Love it
"Thanks for answering instead of ""but hillary""."
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].
He’s something of a genius himself.
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!
I was hoping this would happen since I saw yesterday's post! I was not disappointed in the least!
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them
Keep pushing. You’ll come out of this stronger I promise
Is your PC beefy? It looks like Battlefield god damn
So happy for you both!
I um like your username
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.
Confronting people with footage from slaughter houses is a horrible thing to do in my opinion.
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes 
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!
I can't help it! These stories make me REEEEEEEEEEEE so hard!!!! Kidding :)
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.
Wow the garbage one and the bank one are really terrible. I’ve had the coupon ones too, people are touchy about coupons haha.
My bf just got this too. He's obsessed
You can’t
Home field advantage is barely a thing lmao also I hate the Patriots, you're just being an idiot.
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying
Happy cake day! It'll be tough, but stick to it and you will come out the other side better for it.
I got your back. I love you ❤️
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.
Wow she’s getting a spud in the head the next time I see her!
Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them
You really are this stupid aren’t you? Whatever buddy I don’t argue spastics.
Damn you and your facts.
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.
Thank you for an informative answer
Definitely better than mine lol. Some good players on there.
She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... 
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus"""
This just oozes passive-agressiveness. I love it!
It is amazing how social media is allowing maniacs to congregate. Social media is very bad for us.
That was straight up reckless
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.
Most traffic violations are victimless crimes and fining people for them is wrong.
Too late, you read it anyways. Ban me if you don't want to read more. Lmao!! 
Omg. This is just the best ever. 💜💜💜
Get some colloidal silver and put that in your eye so it doesn’t get infected!!!
I used to have a pet rat. She was the best pet I ever had.
You didn't disappoint. I'm proud of you.
It is a racist nickname because you're literally using the man's race as a means to criticize him.
Woman here - $50 per orgasm please! I could easily make $300 in a half hour wankfest...
Let’s beat these Lakers!
honestly I dig it, though [NAME] could rock it better than anyone ever could!
Wow, after the past 2 seasons that seems like it was like 6 years ago.
Nah, it's still funny. I think it would be less funny if it was my country tho 
Sorry I was being facetious
😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.
Montreal is a beautiful city
bet he loves to slow dance
Yup. I don't want to soil the paper unless I have something very interesting to write about.
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.
Those are some nice guns
"I can't stop staring at ""[NAME]"". "
Oh that’s funny!! Nothing better than someone with a pee fetish lmfao
Leave ASAP. That is all. Your life will be better for it
I hope he doesn't
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.
I guess but we love each other.
I haven’t seen a good repost in a while. Thank OP I’m mean karma whore
Happy cake day man
It had its flaws but I thought it was enjoyably campy and a fun ride.
So precious! Thanks for sharing Give me animals pics over human babies any day~
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this
Alright well nice discussion for sure. Think this just gave me an idea for r/changemyview so thanks for that.
The only rank that can't be deranked is diamond. However, all rewards are based on peak elo. So don't be afraid to keep playing.
Great, now I look dumber than I normally am
Lol, oh man. Well, if we can laugh at our kids, what can we laugh at? Never a dull moment.
Funny, but why do I care what his name is?
Yeah, just wanted to do it myself. Not gonna though, after the concerted demoralization from commenters. 
it’s starting to get weird
We’re honouring good King Billy. That’s also how we decided which [NAME] brother to buy.
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!
I like it
Someone being kinda mad is undoubtedly better than someone having their tongue ripped out
Fuuuck, brutal
I gotta try that with my posse next time I’m on. That’s hilarious
Yes.
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL! 
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks
Sorry, but this was already on our front page recently, so I'm gonna have to remove it. 
I love this show
If you drop your toy gun and someone picks it up and points it at you, you're not going to be threatened by it.
Thank you!! This is so helpful
Because, “nah you guys go ahead”
I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her. 
Yup, thanks, I've got someone coming this week - good idea
Oh lol. I always just typed them out manually. :hamsad:
I really need to get more sleep.
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league
Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell
that day humanity received a grim reminder
Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!
YES!!!!
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.
yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!
I was thinking the same and was relieved when I read peed on kitchen floor!
He sounds like a real piece of work. Get him gone and live your life free of his physical and mental burden.
Thanks, that's exactly what I needed to hear 💜
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted
They look incredibly legal, organized, and accurate, just like yours! 
Lol this pregame about players sucking and getting sent down and then coming back up later and doing better. A giant message to our facebook fans.
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*
I hope you like it-
This is so sweet. Thank you for being an awesome parent !
It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.
Point is, you’ll have to come clean. Sooner rather than later. And if she loves you, she can forgive you. 
Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense
Holy shit. Thank you everyone. Thanks for the gold and silver :)
There's a sweet spot. Pathfinder Kingmaker has important lines voiced, and others are just text. It works great.
Right on. Thanks!
It just has to be clean and hygienic. Maybe make sure you got food and wine on deck
That sounds really agonising, to ask for help and have no one hear you. What's going on for you right now?
*blinded by the shill* I know like 2 people unfortunately..
If we trade him I don’t think be will be a playoff team :(
Extremely painful to watch
"""Welcome to the hydraulic press channel.."""
Burn wait someone already did it sorry
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays. 
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system 
He claims the starting job and we make the playoffs, I think it would be hard to argue against him.
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man
Like whoever you want to like but don’t treat people poorly based on superficial factors is ultimately the best advice
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy
Yeah I guess, still going to try to keep a log of my feelings as a way of venting them and getting them out of my head.
WW2 has the best supply drops ever
This is most excellent news! Also, glad to know he went on to work somewhere like Google.
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s
>Ordinary Men by [NAME] Thanks for the recommendation. Got it ordered on kindle from Amazon.
That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
When I went on a first date I only took like 2 bite of my food. Felt pretty bad
I love this reply
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.
Oh well, very nice then :)
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤
Of course :) thanks for reading it!
"Basic translation ""I'd rape you if I weren't a virgin!"" Super creepy."
nice work man
Hardcore Henry.
Got it, looks like they're in my vicinity. Will keep this on hand- much appreciated.
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.
In that conversation it was the girl being boring and closed... sometimes it’s not your fault and people feel they’re the ones being awkward
[NAME] didn't contribute anything! [NAME] or [NAME], please come back. At they least you do something on the court!
Totally forgot that, my bad
Funny way to oppose fascism - since they are themselves fascists
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach
That’s exactly what it was. Exciting entertainment. Sometimes you just gotta let go & accept it for what it is.
[NAME] is happy
I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well
Ah got it. Sounds like most CW shows (Smallville)..thanks for the heads up :)
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it
maybe post the article since it's already out lol
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!
Pretend you are the lead in a movie. You will probably get laid, confidence is everything. Bingo bango, great night!
i just don’t think we are aggressive 100% of the time
I had this back in 2012 so no not at all LOL
Fabies? fababies? fatbabies? but fat babies are so cute.
I wanna believe it's a reference to CNN hosting 500 town halls & debates with [NAME] since the election.
"""No"" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise."
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.
Oh haha I didn't see that!
Ooh, good point!
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. 
So. He is such a premature ejaculator that he goes before someone can take a breath? That's just amazing.
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.
Eat my fuck- [NAME]
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...
Haha fucking gottem
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry
Well one would believe they have learned their lesson regarding nuclear
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.
It's been a long time since that was true, but thank you.
I ain’t your pal buddy.
food pranks really irk me 😔
Sadly, the military is archaic about non-conforming relationships. :/ I wish more of these decals existed. 
Funny coming from the party that is #1 in killing babies.
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.
> my cat needs new braces, Thank you. This made me laugh.
But they did they say excited to bring their current roster to Columbus...
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..
Really that's not very sad at all
Lol sometimes I do feel like punching someone who I feel is whispering about me ,if I am drunk it would be very bad 😂
[NAME] was an awesome Chief. Wish we would've seen more of him being a badass.
that was a horrible fix
Dad's Army! Lol!
"He didn't ""die"". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy"
Of all the injustices in the world!
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.
Great shot!
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!
Palms had a rough game against PHL. Seems a bit off lately.
Yes, please do. I'd appreciate any help.
It's not your fault....
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx
The part about the size of the shit was unnessecary but appreciated.
You seem fun
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta
What should be the campaign is telling people that just because you find a child beautiful/pretty, it doesn't mean you're sexually attracted. 
Whoops. Didn’t know that was a thing. Thanks!
Thank you [NAME]
I've never heard him say this... News to me
Pay you for what, just standing there? Done.
That's awesome. I would never have expected the Prius community to be so involved.
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.
I love people watching from the balcony here
I'm hopeful for [NAME] as well!
Proud [NAME], proud European. There are at least 16m of us.
Hey I thought she was cute the whole time. I was also 12 though and she cute.
Haha, same bro. I am lvl 21 and still playing at least 4hrs a day. Loving it!
Her camel toe is strong!
Currently waiting for the inevitable gopher collapse into the tight finish I know and love.
Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future
Yep, though we just had a cross on the stochastic RSI weekly chart, looks like the next four to six weeks are going to get nasty.
she looks so happy and well rested
Great article. Thanks for posting
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.
Ok ill get right on that. I have all day to hunt. Thanks for the quick reply.
well you done did it lol
but this girl said no make out lmao she just want a cuddle buddy till marriage XD
"Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. ""Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."""
Ha! I actually included that on purpose, was poking fun at me (and the typical MS3) :)
What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame
We cant say dodgeball these days. It’s forbidden. Like how we call anal sex “Lawyer love” now.
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.
I like it. I hope that answer is okay with you because I might lose sleep if it's not
Might as well do something while you're doing nothing!
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.
Worse than selling your soule
aha, guilty
So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ✌
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.
Sending hugs and good vibes ❤️
Richmond & Weslayan. But I haven’t checked this year. Going to look this weekend...thanks for the reminder!
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with. 
That place must be a gold mine of good stories.
I get it. I hate that [NAME]. Taking advantage of sad people.
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.
Thank you UsurperRebellion, very cool!
I always compared him to [NAME].
Let's hope she will never work as a medical professional again.
the girl looked the happiest out of all of them to get a puck, that man is amazing
Stranger: **Compliments me** Me: I'M SORRY!!
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it. 
Skiing is great but I haven’t been skiing yet this season rip
I was worried about that too honestly
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.
Not true at all
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.
A new apartman will give you peace of mind. Start saving up.
I'll help hide the shovels beforehand
You're a mean person.
I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.
Son of a bitch... here we go. Can't just stand there guys....
Wow thanks. Was hoping to see more exact same moon pics for the eleventy millionth time.
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.
Uhh...weird flex but ok?
Makes me want to eat ass
Yeah. Im not an incel or nothing but I wouldve liked to see that get addressed haha
The HMC is pretty big and they don't allow stunning.
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad
Wow, talk about being [NAME].
Thank you much better now
State of [NAME] trying to be funny and spelling ‘lose’ wrong
That man has such epic face
Thank you for your concern fellow conservative
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.
Surely you've seen weirdo then? It makes me laugh Everytime haha
oh wow never heard of that in my life sorry
"Thanks for explaining. So [NAME] *did* pay for her ""show"" ? "
Tf happened to him? You just said thanks LOL
Thank you & my heartfelt condolences. Snap in to a watermelon and drink to forget.
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31..."
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!
> The bedrock principle of representative government is that “the people” do not decide issues, they decide who shall decide. Very much this.
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all
I would consider it a date! Plus dancing (ballroom) is intimate...hope you have fun and good luck!
Haha get it, they're taking it literally haha.
Yeah thankfully I live in mass where it’s legal here too lol
thanks older generations :)
Not cameo, reference sorry
Ice Cream or Tacos for me. Or the best of both worlds.... a ChocoTaco!
Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.
Yep. Cool story troll.
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.
"Read the poem ""To this Day"". I just read it. I liked it."
Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.
Classic Leslie!
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.
We're more concerned with this mysterious group of r/atlantahawks sleeper agents downvoting [NAME]
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍
Your right. I just didn't want to go into depth out of laziness
This right here is the kind of father I want to be. Thanks for that.
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.
Makes me want to break out my 'learn to use my SLR properly' resolution again.. more time commitment tbh. Great shot.
Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.
Cool Thanks very much !
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.
Thanks for the response!
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.
Happy Cake Day 5makes10fm! Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
Their faces tho, LOL
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.
This is the hardest I laughed in weeks
We love you [NAME]
Old ladies are like the only ppl that are nice to me lmao. Kindered spirits with the ugly.
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph
"Very well said. I am no fan of pinkers ""everything is awesome"" narrative of the modern world either."
Because this creep wanted to put his hands on the girl.
I literally, like, hate people like that.
I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.
[NAME] isn't really that bad, he's also a cheaper option who [NAME] trusts.
Thank you for your input.
He’s soft. No heart.
That's hilarious.
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.
This was so helpful! Thank you. I really needed to hear something inspiring for once, instead of just hearing that I’m not doing enough.
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.
Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨
[NAME] made boobi beautiful
I’m just waiting for the right director to actualize this subversion of our expectations.
Enjoy you Salad
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times
Cheers, I have some cheese left in the fridge that I can use here, thanks for the info.
Lol it's only been 7 years. Don't let your guard down now.
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit
I don’t get it :(
Stay strong.
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying
Merrily merrily merrily merrily something something scream... (I am not creative)
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.
I’m sorry :(
The kid seems more mature than his mother
I agree with in general with your perspective, but as someone who loves music--new and old--I gotta say, lil pump really does suck
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.
Something tells me no!! Lol.
These people seen so much in their lifetimes. So much wisdom in one pic
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.
This is great, thank you! I’ll take a read and see what is still available.
lol not bullying. Just a socially aware nerd complaining about how annoying most of my people are. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
I wanna give [NAME] a mosquito bite
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.
What a muffin!
That.. would be glorious. A large one of these would be the NZ equivalent of Giga Pudding.
I watch almost every Bears game as I am in that market lol
this is proper funny actually
Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L
Mr [NAME] is operater as fuck
Why am I crying rn...
Give it time.
You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.
Shotgun rack? LOL. I had a BB gun rack on my Schwinn in the 60s in Houston.
Can I ask why he isn’t willing? Thanks - I hope it works out for you. Maybe take this time to work on you!
That’s kind of cool! You made a friend at the store. I usually make people want to leave.
Don't use gay as an insult.
You're welcome! Anything else on your mind? Best to air it out
Yeah, you're getting points. Bring your insurance documents as well just to save yourself the trip back. They will ask for them.
Thank you! This feedback is gold to us.
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.
Ask the Magic 8 Ball again later. We can't predict your future.
How cute. He thinks corporations are people.
Best comment ever.
nice try, [NAME]
I guess I can see how someone thousands of miles away would say that, but its far from the truth.
Love the laugh at the end
I love her omg
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.
There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.
good point, hadn't thought of that, thanks
Stay safe, you will find someone one day. 
i dont give a flaming fart about averages. most people have no taste in comedy.
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks 
Is this cronometer? Thanks.
That’s so romantic!
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.
YOU'RE AWESOME, THANKS!
You're so special and quirky :D
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂
My new favorite phrase.
This describes his tweets so perfectly lol >At no point during your incoherent rambling did you even come close to what could be considered a rational thought
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me
Makes sense. Thanks for the rational and respectful comment
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.
I noticed that too. How cute.
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.
Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...
Test levels have been dropping significantly It’s well documented Why do you think that’s stupid
Congratulations!! Colorado is an amazing place! I just moved away a year ago and miss it terribly :) Best of luck to you!
Does your son do Scratch? My daughter doesn't do fortnite but Scratch is her favourite internet thing and she would love to add new scratch friends.
i agree to kill all children
WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING
Awkwardly remembering all of those promises I made mid-panic attack...
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends
This is my hat now... this is totally my hat...
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it. 
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!
Love The Weasle, I've grown to like him a lot 
dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before
You’re a vile vile person and a rapist. I hope the police are onto you.
Bruh you don’t belong here
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.
I could honestly just go without intermission interviews altogether.
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna 
The only excuse for folding there pre is timing out. Ever. (I really hope that's what happened)
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)
Her eyes are so dark u can barly see it lol someone should have told her that
Everyone thinks that lol
He is so boring ....
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head 
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.
Got married so I don't have to worry about it.
I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?
I feel a deep sense of shame.
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them
I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.
Wait, this is an INDUSTRY person? Wtf.
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though. 
I wish they would have focused on them in the first movie, and slowly handed the torch off to the next gen by the 3rd.
[NAME] I HATE those.
Hard to believe we scored like 8 points through the first 6 minutes.
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.
No, no the PTA has not disbanded!
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂
Thats nice to hear, glad I could help.
I work from home but I still get up early for me time. House is nice and quiet at 6am.
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me. 
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.
Oh for fuck sake. Things were going so well on the coaching front. This dude is nothing but a suck up
Nope, real serious disease affecting real people, including the person you first replied to.
This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it
No. You have to have killed her due to negligence or the like. Manslaughter is essentially the crime of accidentally killing someone because you did something careless.
My son told me he hates me
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!
"I like how it's ""unacceptable"" lol. The nerve"
I have these high powered magnets...
I love Dlo lol
[NAME] damn cummonists
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
hahaha [NAME]???
Get this religious bullshit out of here smh [NAME] doesn't give a fuck about who wins or losses a child's game
I'll have a look and see if I can find it. Cheers for the info!
Poor kid. He just wanted to rescue his mum from a nefarious organisation. I hope he gets decent representation.
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.
I'm disappointed that this isn't real...
Remember to tuck and roll!
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.
Tried to take first one but says invalid. Thank you anyway.
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”
This post is not going to age well.
account got suspended lmao
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately
Thank you so much! Having these few subs for the quality videos he's creating makes the channel a hidden gem.
Ohhhhh, you're good.
Glad to see it resolved by someone as the community manager said not too long ago. I wouldn't give in and pay.
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.
Most important win of the season. Awesome
Thank you! That is the goal!
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].
i was not prepared for this
Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. 
The highest rate of eating disorder in men is binge eating disorder... I fail to see how a pressure to l ok good causes binge eating disorder
Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.
This was great!! Thanks
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...
He must really hate changing dies.
This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.
oh damn that’s a pretty good idea!! thanks!! :)
You’re truly welcome :)
You're the best !
What the hell? Why can't people leave this place alone? They make good pizza. That's it. It's a pizza shop.
Most national subreddits are nowhere near *real* people, it's quite interesting to see the disparities.
Trust me, I my self wish it happened before this filming
Or just simply hinting at it. All in fun though
Agreed I also love the snot physics towards the end of the game.
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator
this reminds me of the time when [NAME] bought Bofo lol
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this
Ohhh. [NAME] is my absolute favorite person ever. She just gets better as the season goes on. Enjoy!
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.
Can confirm, playing a game of checkers is the one occasion I get to smash my wife
The truly great thing about this is how he looks down, disgusted, as if the comment were down there 😂
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.
felt that so hard too
It is bad tho.
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff
So glad they had the clip of the dog getting up at the end. I was super worried.
Thanks for this. I was about to relapse but am still going strong.
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.
What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?
A little weird but I guess it's wholesome.
"> When did I ever mention native genocide? How do you think the land was ""stolen""? The residents were killed."
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂
Yens are worthless. That's like, wait £10? For pants? Jfc you have a point.
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?
That was great, especially as your first video.
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.
"From ""woohoo!!"" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds."
He is a brave man to even have the courage to put this foundation on his face. I wouldn't have even if [NAME] told me to!
I don't know where exactly but these pictures are really good. Keep it up!
She’s just overweight. I don’t see anything particularly wrong with her clothing. Lots of people dress adventurously.
I can’t stand anything about her yet. Nothing.
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!
Race idealists are ridiculous.
4th generation representing!
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love
You should be required to be 25+ if you want the government to acknowledge your marriage. So stupid.
He can do a balloon party with his brony friends
Interesting, I’m going to have to pay closer attention. Thanks.
nice one! but it‘s a much more underground one I think
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.
That last sentence pains me
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.
so proud of you!
I downvoted your original comment, but you've redeemed yourself with this one, lol. Have this upvote!
This was ten years ago...but I have faith in people to be nice. Knoxville was amazing when I lived there.
I'm disappointed in you too.
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!
Congrats dude!
That's ok I get it exactly you're ok with me
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!
I don't care anymore.
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars
This face will not age well.
Ugh thank you everyone 😭❤️
Very true thank you for the insight, this does help as I need to remind myself this is a new relationship and part of our reconciliation.
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!
Thanking people isn't manly.
You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.
Some of us only play QP. I’d like to think QP is just as important as comp.
Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.
Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.
I have no idea what's going on, but I hate when people surround the car like that. 
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]
Pulp Fiction is fucking amazing
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this
Thanks for not responding to my comment like this, it just shows even more that you are a troll.
Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret
Lol they were trying so hard to get that viral
“and THAT’S how you kiss!”
I mean, DC metro area has ***three times*** Pittsburgh's population, so. Again, relatively, Pittsburgh's is worse.
Yay, now we're only down by 7
I’m not a detective, but I don’t think it was her. 
Aww that was endearing [NAME].
I think [NAME] is honestly just a whack job.
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!
correct. i am the one who decides if something is funny to me or not.
They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach
This is the best one yet.
That’s sick!
[NAME] would laugh and hang up if this was the offer
Also thank you for the link.
I think the one thing we can all agree on is Kill Mikol. This was too difficult to answer in full..
You just made me so happy.
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down. 
Coming back pretty strong with UFC Fortaleza at least. [NAME] vs. Moicano has me excited
Love this picture
This is just a terrible joke
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.
This is going to be a disaster
Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well 
This, this is brilliant
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much
...Great. Hope your insurance doesn't fuck you.
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*
And please don’t make the mistake of thinking your mustache will disguise them. Trust me it doesn’t.
Save a spot for me! I'll bring the rainbow penis shaped bags of penis shaped rainbow glitter!
"""Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that."" - [NAME]"
May [NAME] bless your effort and raise your rank in Jannah. And may he bring relief to the [NAME] and all those suffering in the umma Ameen Ameen Ameen
Jokes aside, welding is so fucking fun, and they get paid damnnnn well.
I like your version more, anyways. Better comedic relief from such a horribe tragedy.
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a ""journalist"" in need of a safe place."
If there’s a pattern, yes.
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness
Randomly watched arrow this week and I think each year is more confusing and I didn't like it! At least [NAME] is still there and always shining!
That's the longest dimple I've ever seen>
Yeah I've been finding it so hard to not eat everything in sight since Christmas. I'm still staying under my TDEE, but I feel nasty. 
This would be a good thing. I want capitalism to die.
Sounds like a great idea that your nephew is moving away from her. She’d be an absolutely toxic mother.
“But [NAME] wants you to have kids!” [NAME] should have given me ovaries then lol
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;)
Have fun.
MmMm I love me some microplastics.
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!
Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...
Hell yeah. I'm really just thinking about the irony and double standard of the Left. It's amazing that these people are that cognitive dissonant.
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features
That one little girl with her jersey, nearly jumping out of her own skin to get a high 5 is adorable.
He has been horrible in pull up situations but not horrible with catch and shoot this season.
Nah I like my pockets kief free
Anti-Vaxer mom: This isn’t supposed to happen, they weren’t supposed to live this long.
Looking for a deserted island and packing up lots of books.
My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP
We are! Thank you!
holy lmao im a dolt lol.
Aw it’s the same user who was scared of breast feeding lmao
You don’t need Radom sex, you will find a man who will give you what you need. Love,respect,and well.. you know..
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.
Wonder no more, this is coming out like next year
Not gonna lie, I'd be intrigued for sure. 
Yeah, my partner is a starfish. Thanks, i needed that precise clarification. Dead whale sex too. 
i agree he is pretty average but the guy i was responding him was calling him ugly which i find pretty ridiculous
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins 
His friend was sexy as hell 💁
Most important!!! ALWAYS AIM THE HEAD! [NAME] arrows are pretty fat woodsticks, so keep aiming on the head on long distance. Thats it
Throw it all on the mortgage. Don't spend it on garbage you think you need.
I love a good leg pop
That’s awesome, congrats! 
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.
That’s how it be
Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?
This makes me wanna die
People love him on Yelp:-)
"Yeah. ""HEY ARE YOU THE DUDE FROM THE SCAM WEBSITE?"" [NAME]"
I like it when a girl's nails are done. Nothing over the top long but I love french tips. Plus they're great for back scratches.
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!
My hospital has this already, I thought everyone did. Can’t get an IV? Tried a crap ton of places? Call the IV team. 
That guys entire account is the biggest comedy cemetery out there
This joke made me want to walk right out of the Dumbledoor.
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!
True but I think we should be able to strike a deal for less than 50-60m which is worth it in today's market imo
Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D
of course everyones for sure ML isles lose in the S/O lol
The stupid is real
I spent the entire time trying not to yell at the TV. [NAME] and [NAME] can fuck right off.
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
I remember that. It was a crushing experience that started a whole other level of depression. But hey, maybe things will work out for you. 
Hopes we all get so sick of his messages we'll vote for him to outlaw them. Courageous strategy Mr [NAME]
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.
That’s what I think as well.
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.
This is the game that finally lost my faith.
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.
I knew it would be easy to trigger /r/movies peace out homies
Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?
I believe it's free
Haha that's so true!
Thanks for an interesting thread. How many of the [NAME] in Malaysia would you characterize as [NAME] or supporting political [RELIGION]?
I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker
this literally made me sick to my stomach
I thought I was done enjoying the Saints loss but this brought me right back. Great find!
With just coffee and nothing fancy I did love the Komodo blend back in the day.
This is absolutely beautiful.
I love you and I love your style. Nice work. Bullies should not be rewarded
Awesome! I'm really excited. Are you there too?
I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!
But it'll hurt
Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.
Steakspeare in Love
thanks for this
Lafc fan lurking our sub... lol typical plastics.
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest 
I feel your pain...
You clearly don't have a clue about [NAME] career so don't start worrying about it now.
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...
Back in the days when you didn't have to spend almost $10 return for a simple train journey. Thanks, IPART. 
I understand why... But it's so sad we have to lie... It breaks my heart...
PNW represent! Southern Oregon. Our non-mono scene is....pretty sparse.
Nice job censoring u/alexneverafter right there
You just need to live your best life. Do the things that make you happy and don't dwell on any of the negatives.
Just look at Speedwagon. That man is... a beauty to say the least.
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers! 
He looks cute, but if you have drugs in your underwear, he will attac. 
What. The. Actual. Fuck. *Gags*
I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good
Looks like complete slop with 4 turds thrown on top. 🤢
"""[NAME], meet [NAME]"" love that show"
Better slap that car roof.
Nice try Gillette
He got all ball. Watch it back. Just because he hits the ground hard doesn’t mean you get a bailout
shouldve just given him the sum you usually pay and transfer the burden of awkwardness onto him
Welcome to the club, fellow [NAME]!
Took devils -1.5. Gotta love sports betting in Jersey.
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.
Pay, 69k each No, I was pirate legend before doubloons we’re in the game. Thanks!
The Magic are good at being frustrating.
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!
It's more of a personal issue with me. But I completley understand and respect your decisions and way of thinking
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.
I like that idea!
Oo! OO!! I know this one... ME!
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action
How dare you hate [NAME]
Good minutes from bayless
ok that's kind of cool....
me as fuck
What the hell are you on about now? Those are some weird examples to go with your clarified opinion.
He is not acknowledging anything, he is hoovering. Don’t fall for it.
Haha username checks out, but I thank you all xx
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.
Yep exactly, and he never demands the ball as well. He's afraid of it.
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.
No prob, glad you asked the question -- hope the response above helps fast-track folks like you who are interested in donating. 
What? Shut up?
[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.
Gorgeous cats, poor babies
BURN IT DOWN
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.
Two or three anti depressants before I told them a lie about how I tried my moms valium and it worked
 funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.
I feel like they're blaming the school for them doing exactly the right thing.
No, it isn't K.
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.
Love it.
Seems full of himself, but he also seems like an ok dude.
Yeah the last one made me laugh
That's an unusual idea, I must try it out! Thank you!
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess
There is such a thing as too big, but this ain’t it, chief. Any bigger I would probably agree.
I like Kyber
Aw here goes!
How poignant.
Good for you, maybe some day you'll come to an understanding of each other but familiarity breeds contempt.
I still hate Catcher Eggman!
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.
This is not good.
I LOVE this.
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. 
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.
Thank you /u/GarbagePailGrrrl!
[NAME] is amazing, big fan of him. 
Thanks for sharing. They also have an Amazon wishlist (linked from the comfortcases page) as another way to donate!
That was awesome!
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me
Yes, good communication is key and we all see the world through our own unique perspective. Thanks for sharing!
 It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you. 
Thank you! You're right. It's all about survival
I had to give up college 2 times because of that. Now im doing kinda better, at least i can go to classes and talk to people.
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.
No one does
Needs funny captions.
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural! 
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
Very good fight. The red head above the M is hot and very distracting.
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol
thank you for the laugh
That's a good point, I didn't think of that. It's too late now, of course, but I'll remember for the future.
Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons 
That's a great start! Amazing. I congratulate you on your self awareness. Some hugs if you want them
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.
shut up, [NAME]!
Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.
Bless his heart
This is so scary. Keep safe! I would put fencing up and become a licensed carrier at that point. Sounds like crazy druggies!
Wow! You definitely Trader Joes. Do they have chocolate covered pretzel balls? I have been looking for those forever.
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.
That’s not a fucking card?!
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.
You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.
Jolex because [NAME] grated on my nerves so bad
Satire satire satire satire Please O lod almight plez be satire
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist. 
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls 
Thank you so much.
The fun part is that she can be a bigot and he can also be a bigot.
Looks like he's tired of your dad-jokes. Lol
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(
Yeah I meant it has a cork in it. Sorry for the confusion haha
Wow, that's incredible. I love the 4 quadrants idea! But the name of the business is so misleading...
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!
Came on her face and she told you? Wow disrespect. Either she didn't know how you really felt or didn't care. Sorry about your luck
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.
Peace to you both.
Fun fact: [NAME] decided to delete an entire string of comments after mine because they made him look like more of a man-child than he already is ;)
Doesn't matter if we stop, everyone else will do it. You're telling a whole world looks don't matter, yah good luck.
This dude was super cool
Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!
Good to know, thanks for response 
Post this to /r/penmanshipporn I *dare* you. Edit: been done already, I shoulda figured lol
Hey friendo nothing down here but there are ALL SORTS of interesting smells!
Get out. And take your facts with you.
Insurance covers stupid.
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards
The day I die is the day I'm happy
I just saw that they deleted their account. Good.
And that's all that matters. You found the right car at the right price. Congratulations!
That lil cat, I want it!
Every right requires someone else's labor. The whole - / + rights thing is a stupid argument.
Same. OP go hug your mom and tell her she matters to you and your brother. Support and love would be your best bet.
When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.
That, plus they also store our info insecurely so it leaks out. Just another part of this dumb economics game I guess...
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!
[NAME] is a gem and I love him but he should really be a DH somewhere
[NAME] really loves [NAME].
Everyone makes the NREMT test sound like the devil. It really isn't that bad.
Stop saying generic hating sentences!
I’m conflicted. I do in fact love wine, but I also love crown, and it would be more cost effective to bring crown. 
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed. 
Cant talk about the a***a
Pistons need more picks and less aging players. Get as many picks as possible and hope to get lucky.
thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!
I’m scared to fall asleep——-
Yayy we agree on something. I mean everything's on fire but we agree haha
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks ""by-my-self"" is how to write that."
Since our newest addition to this holiday I've included a new, fun tradition where you hide a yellow toupee inside of the president's tree.
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.
Happy cake day!
Oof, that's rough. :( Sorry that happened to you, mate. 
That isn't the issue. The issue is shilling your channel.
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?
I think the book portrayal is more ambiguous than you say. I like that the show leans into one interpretation of her character instead of keeping it vague.
I. AM. AWARE. That doesn't make it cool and good for him to race bait.
When the player is reasonable with his demands and the team is reasonable with their offer, magic stuff can happen.
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.
I think you overestimate the ability of politicians to rig the vote c.f. May 2017
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad
I love humans
Clean your room, bucko!
😂😂👸👸👏🙌👏🙌❤❤❤💥💥👑👑💎💎💯💯♀️♀️♀️ Now that's emoji game on point.
its here! nice
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity
great ideas!
Bedside report is terrible.
They were really supportive!
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!
random fact: my pokerstars avatar has been a picture of that very hit since that night of 2006 LOL you could say that this hit was... pretty mint
Agreed! I’m so excited for her story this season!
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury
Just the name of it gives me anxiety
I think you're right. I've been proactive before and it helped. Thanks and hope this year is good to you as well!
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support
Neat stuff!
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten
I was hoping this day would
Yep, same here. Got way too excited, then logical part of my brain kicked in. 
I like this.
Oh damn. I forgot about those guys. I never really play [NAME] lol
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.
Ahahaha I’m enjoying your troll. Seriously remember commenting on it like a year ago. Hilarious people are still trying to correct you.
Weird flex but okay
Wish my life was this easy :’) Lets just hope she didn’t kill you
I wish I could believe in myself
"Female here - Personally, I would love a text that says ""I had a good time tonight! Would love to see you again."""
Yeah, hah. 
Oh how lovely and vague. Your non-committal form of conversation is delicious.
Sometimes i think i am cringe, but then i see these people and feel a little better
How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.
All the game modes are super fun
Lmaoo the comment posted 14 hours ago gets doenvoted, but the same exact comment posted one hour ago gets upvoted. What??
lol robot car
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.
Great trade for us but we're losing some forward depth in [NAME]. Tbh though I would be willing to take the risk.
I think I can agree with you here, I kinda forgot about the military.
You have inspired someone to create something that is liked by others. Is v nice feel.
One good thing about vaping When it hits you, you feel no pain. 
Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>
Woah! 4 new maps in a year! That’s so lucky!! Not like we got 10+ maps in 2017 for bf1..
I have no confidence to boost
But thats for [NAME] and our secret getaway plan to escape to a better life, not this one. Lol
>Downvote me, you cowards.
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.
I'm missing something
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.
Just stunning my meats
Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.
Now, remember, this is a very dulled version of what were used to considering they’re still riding the super bowl high from last year. 
They’re well on track to getting that superpower by 2020 slot
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.
I mean, if I make it look like an accident, just think of all the ribs I can buy with the insurance money... 
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).
Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF
Every instagram page posts this lol
I hate everything about this.
Good luck dude, it probably won’t be as bad as you think 
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now
no thanks
Stop with this revisionist history we literally just let him go because HE SUCKED
I hope they meet someone who changed their name to Dad
My prince!
Idk I feel like it's just an exaggeration, English is a hyperbolic language
that's nice :)
right and hope you don't realize until too late that you're way better than me
You're ugly
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared
Your amazing too!
Great, now my balls hurt and I’m yawning uncontrollably. 
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.
This is just too cute.
This game like 30 dollars on Humble Bundle on PC. When it goes down again (sale has expired) I'll try to buy it again.
I wished my mom protected me from my grandma. She was a horrible person who was so mean to me and my mom.
Thanks bud!
dont let the spirit of rock die motherfucker aroooooo
Style of play is overrated. We spent half of the season sticking to a style of play. We should play what gives wins.
A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!
I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.
you got me for a sec. I was like wow.. that's kind of a weird thing to find h-ohhhh damnit! got me. XD
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.
Shes stunning haha
That was a long read but it was worth it, good on you lot for sorting it out and winning the case
What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror
She would be crying because your showing yiu truly care. Its up to you buddy but tears of joy are good.
it was amazing
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.
Very very sweet!! Tell us how it goes!
"What I'm suggesting is that since companies are ""people"" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences."
Nice hiss!
My wife is not allowed to flick my ears for any reason, and apparently I'm not allowed to stick my finger into her bellybutton lmao.
HHahah. Right? I’m scared
I’d love to get my hands on a 4th gen z28
Sorry, didn't realise I had to mollycoddle your feefees. 
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.
Fair enough ;)
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]
Keep yourself occupied go play videogames or something that really occupies your attention
Your work is amazing! Really like the Rugrat one. The melting style is so cool. Prices are very reasonable for the quality too
I love you, 125.
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.
Wow that’s a fascinating belief
The most sense the internet has produced in a long time. [NAME] bless this dude.
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.
Damn, I fell for the myth. Thanks for pointing it out.
I work at an R1 university, with most of my team composed of CS/CE undergrad students. Yes, I've known many...
I heard about that too
Sell high!
Oh nice I have that one
Yessir. And I live in Dallas. Stop being salty freefreebradshaw.
Everyone is reporting about it on TV. Was cool to see the highlight.
This is straight up depressing
Great documentary on that: Grandmas Boy.
Thank [NAME] , surprising he doesn't want the mets deal
Nah, just gotta aim better.
Hope to see you in the chat as the episode premiers! Best wishes!
Man I love wicker park and buck town ! Give them their flair !
I'm sorry [NAME]. I won't do it again.
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.
Thank you 🙂
This is my new favorite video.
Maaaan, that woman is crazy! And the straightjacket type!
Well I am the son of a parent who legally immigrated from the [RELIGION] country of Turkey so no thanks jackass.
Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.
Lol your adorable, thanks for the humor
Ah, interesting. I couldn't find a translation like that. My French is very basic though so it might be right!
Natural selection, I love you. 
He isn't unique to that. Every defensive metric disagrees 🤔
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you 
Omg, this is hilarious 
Hope you feel the same way when his rookie deal is up
Love it!
I still enjoy the content here sometimes, but....finally! This post nailed it.
True but the majority of plastic used is for the shelved grocery items. Pasta, rice, coffee are in every household and are all packaged in plastic 
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.
Minor character but I love [NAME].
Aww that's so sweet !
lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.
if he is strong, he won't need to quit job
I try and test my beliefs all the time, makes them stronger!
Idk, but it is cringe so i posted it here lmao
At the time they would have. It became endangered and we had to stop.
Season 2 has been fantastic
dang... that's just crazy.
I SWEAR I DIDNT MEAN TO ANSWER 2 HOURS LATER FORGIVE MEEE
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.
ain't that just a beatiful thought
If he wants to play more, he should play better. Otherwise, leave. [NAME] has been very bad.
Hey, thanks! :)
Thank you all for your responses! Some new info for me is giving me hope again lol see ya on the battlefield
I can definitely see this one
Meanwhile in western society grown-ass adults will leave their McDonald's trash scattered all over the place just feet away from the bin.
I would watch just to hear [NAME] talk about how great he is at pinball.
So you're proudly ignorant. Cool bruh
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously) 
Nope, not really
Be brave. You have our support
I genuinely don't think he is. Those features with a friendly smile or a cheeky grin, backed up by a good personality could totally get it.
Which was in 2017. Enjoy your loss and shush. You'd think having 1 win in a month would humble you...
Best sports league in the world.
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!
This kills the country.
Nice glad to hear man!
Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs
Well at least he wont be hungry ever again
Suppressing anger is a horrible idea. You want to dissipate it in some healthy way, not bottle it up.
Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.
We, battered UT fans, thank you.
For serial rapists, its not about the physical pleasure. Its all head games. Damn freaks
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy
I always just say “thank you” because it’s a nice thought 🤷‍♀️
Yes, I remember when I said that. Thanks for the reminder! 
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.
Yeah it's a weird thing people do
I love this sub so much.
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.
This would be boring as hell
Thats the problem you have with this? Mule kick in zombies has exactly what he wants xD
Yeah, I interact with less adults as a teacher than I did in any other job I've had in the past.
I wanna see [NAME] up there 90 points let's do this
I'm strange as fuck, and I didn't grow up with money.
I lost it when all the heroes kept going back and forth into siege range
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say
Nah man [NAME] gets made fun of more than anyone lmao
to be fair it wouldnt be bad living there since its normal to have giant shoes so its a win basically^^
I would love to be woken up by that
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss
This guy is a hack lmao
fuck atheist countries
That makes sense, thanks
I sub white mocha for the classic. Delicious.
"""I lost control"" would have been an understandable explanation. ""It lost control"" is not. "
Then we shall duel for it. *Good Fight!*
Thank you! Forgot to add her youtube. And her second, smaller, channels (super entertaining rants): 
Ha jokes on you guys we still use paper charts
"""...one last time for good measure"""
Errr, i didn't want to risk get in trouble with the discipline master, especially since we weren't on good terms at that point in time
lol comment of the night. thank you.
Thank you for sharing!
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks
Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.
Bold of you to assume just about everyone here wouldn't do this for you, you absolute gem
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.
I will not be preposition shamed. but yeah, you're right
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.
lol that’s what I was gonna say.
Thank you and CONGRATS MAN!! I listen to podcasts too when I get ready! Greatly helps with the negative thoughts. Glad we did it!!
No, not sarcastically :) 
This. One of my biggest pet peeves. What the hell does it even mean?
Sounds nicer than Missouri. Or missour-uh as the natives call it.
And you get a gold! and you get a gold!! and you get a gold!!!
This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.
I'm going to steal this and pretend I came up with it so I downvoted it so no one will know(just kidding)
is a great resource.
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning. 
Devils fan here: how good is [NAME]? I'm watching this game and was wondering how he's been and what his potential is
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!
About as far as I got too, what a rude condescending wanker he is. 
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(
There are tons of great places on the fringes where you’re guaranteed good loot and a vehicle.
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.
"They didn't have a ""bullpen"" when they won the WS or when they went to the ALCS last year. They will get by as always"
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.
Thank you for taking the time to respond.
Alright, thanks
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.
Bless you this post made me cry
Downtown Charlotte at a pretty nice restaurant too Edit: missed the when part. This happened around spring 2017
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.
that was clearly only one pump, bad call
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?
I changed team snapchats name to “Bae❤️” so i get exited every time I get thing from them.
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.
I respect your laziness.
you are a smart dude
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me
OK, I better understand the distinction you're making. Thanks.
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. 
Ok so the scape goat is gone. No more excuses now [NAME].
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.
That’s because it’s stupid and nobody wants it!
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.
And their cats. IT loves kittens.
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.
Yes congratulations that was the joke.
we legally can't do that now mr. [NAME]
Literally right after I sent it. What the hell
Ireland has only ever had far right or centre right governments in charge lol
Makes sense, but I imagine if they wanted the land that badly theyd just buy it off him
Thank you guys so much! IM FINALLY IN THE KNOW!
I thought it may be the industry, but based on other people’s answers here, I’m not so sure :/ 
Welcome! :)
This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious. 
You crashed and burned but managed to save it. Congrats my guy
I’m glad I didn’t try this cleanup method when I had serious depression
omg lke ikr
Sounds like my kind of place.
I think you should be able to, with enough skill and precision but not in a spam swing fight, I agree.
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh
That’s depressing
I feel this in my soul.
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization ""gluttonophobia""."
Oh my bad hahaha
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.
I mean I've never seen, even on this show, people grab so many cookies and chips with such excitement. 
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.
What a good pupper!
would make a great drop for a drum n bass track
Oh that sucks good luck man
[NAME] wrote a really technical and really awesome article in the Athletic about this game. Holy shit haha worth reading if you are a ball nerd.
Seriously, [NAME], if you happen to see this, I love not just your work, but who you are. Thanks for being awesome. ❤️
Chocolate hazelnut croissants were the bomb!
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?
Love hearing stories like this. [NAME] holy Priests are such a gift. We must always give thanks and pray for them.
FQ looks pretty good so far. Do not disrespect Notorious POB.
This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.
"""average good singer"" "
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot
I like watching old shows and movies and seeing old brands and how the logos and stuff changed.
You have my good wishes and words of encouragement! There is so much wisdom in “one day at a time.”
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol
Haha that's amazing.
Hopefully we will se [NAME] at least as a sub. We love you [NAME].
My kind of man
Same here man, terrible feeling
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.
I’m baked and the fact that you updated yourself is extremely satisfying to me so thanks for that.
lmao... okay buddy
That was a fluid motion and it scared me
Bad timing for [NAME] to say this just now.
Thank you kind stranger. You might have just made my eyes mist a little.
I mean dug into cities and the like, the only urban fighting Turkey's done this whole war was in al-Bab and we all know how that went.
yep, its still time based so 1st will be absolutely raking it in 
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
[NAME] has such a weird relationship with his parents. It’s as if he’s 15 years old still.
But funny, and that absolves the sin!
I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!
That seems appropriate. The referendum was a Tory idea aimed at solving an internal Tory party issue.
yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.
He’s from the city so I guess he gets crazy moms or something. He’s awesome 😂
Looks like you clipped my own games. It’s bad lately.
I’m sorry if I hurt your fragile ego, you should get off the internet lol
">""fun"" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur"
I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.
Yes, yes, yes. Oh my [NAME]!
All I can say for sure is that you are more likely to find it back in Korea than I France! Good luck mate
Damn liberals!
It would be funny if that guy got hit with a car at the end tho.
I love [NAME]
We need our damn OL coach...he was amazing this year.
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.
Who specifically are we gonna sue? The industry! Lol
Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.
Thanks, the date went really well! I feel for you, it will be a while for me too. 
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. 
He should file a civil rights complaint. This is a clear case of discrimination against someone with a mental disability.
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome
Same tbh hahahaha
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.
"""I've made a huge mistake"" - Me, walking into this person's house."
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.
I feel with him...
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.
This is completely false.
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.
This is not a legal issue. Take it up with your school if you don't agree with it.
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net
There's always something endearing about a reply trying to keep the enthusiasm going. You enjoy that new toy as much as you can.
Wow, y'all are heroes! 
Wow you summed it up perfectly. Where can I find one of these rare specimens?
Alright, I really wanted you to go to HR but it might not go right for you
Good job shining up your spine and telling him it's over! Your life is going to get so much better with him not dragging you down.
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.
Water? Find a way to keep your temperature down.
Pdx sliders. I never had stanich’s unfortunately but pdx sliders has some delicious greasy burgers.
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so. 
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?
Lol, try harder next time bud. Your swearing really shows who is actually mad here and your stupidity is starting to get really grating.
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.
Everyone likes [NAME].
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.
They’re as good as tagged
Omg thank you for this Lol and the answer is obvious for [NAME], release Malicious Zangief who can teleport SPD and scowls really REALLY hard.
Bahaha I wish! I copied and pasted it off the internet but yeah that’s some serious research
I already know [NAME] sucks... He will be gone in 2 years but the shitty press that you support being like [NAME] will still be here. Congrats on supporting propaganda
Great to see [NAME] back on the court
[NAME] damn, I love astrology despite being the dryest, most scientific person on Earth... Amber the taurus made me lol.
"Thank you. Apparently simply stating ""it's from a comic called ""supply side Jesus"" wasn't pedantic enough for that guy."
I find it gross, especially when it starts to cool. Chicken is great but leave it out of my dip and off my pizza.
No they aren't.
That’s horrible. You definitely didn’t deserve it. I’m glad to hear you’re doing OK now.
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it 
I was able to catch the first half and his D looked great (thats what she said?), did it decline in the second?
Well that makes it easy. Thanks again. I'll look into it.
Oh word. Thanks for the heads up!
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.
That was a great interview
True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.
[NAME], like people making minimum wage are worried about 10% off at their Walmart.
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.
I wish they let him do the quatrains once a week during the NFL season.
1200? I thought it was 12000! Ohhhhhhh. Dr. Now’s not going to be too happy with my weigh-in dis munt.
Especially since he did well last season outside of Yankee stadium.
I know right! Lego really hurts!
Looks sooooo good~
Don't call me bitch you fucking sexist. I bet you are one of those white devils. How many women and minorities have you suppressed today?
OP got woodshed lmao
Well I wish we could all get along too.
Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard
Tbh I think it’s hilarious and love it.
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.
Whhhattttt. That’s crazy!!!
Oh no this is cute
Maybe 5-10 games in the g league would help knock some rust off?
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece
This inspiring.
Wow, you are quite the romantic...
Yeah, empathy, a hell of a drug ;)
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.
I didn't like the family ending but I liked the Atlantis ending especially as we know we are going to see more of it in DLC2.
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts
Lmao all these othr trades happened so I think it's a silly marketing ploy.
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible. 
I dont think [NAME] is a fun drunk type of dude.
Really bad trap if noone falls for it
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about
So what’s the upside. Toner makes the elastic in your skin tougher? Serum for vitamin C does what? Thanks for sharing.
Thank you! My Bravo blog is
No, I definitely understand that feel and empathize. That can be hard to deal with. How have you been as of late?
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.
So long, and thanks for all the fish. 
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...
Aww that makes my day too <3
Well you're lying about my pun being better bitch
Heaven forbid you do some actual research.
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao
Damn that’s a big F from me :(
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.
I always have the subtitles on. So I don’t miss a single 💎!
Sooooo happy for you.
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens
[NAME], this really is stunning
Not sure about [NAME], but I think [NAME] would win easily against [NAME]
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s
Add to that the balance mess.
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!
Oh sorry. Instead of “willfully stupid “ I meant, why do you hate America?
A video that makes me happy
That kinda true honestly lol. Just has more potential
Tell him to breathe quietly during the show or else! Ha ha ha
I don't think you've ever seen the dsm. If you knowingly do something stupid you don't deserve anything but what you get
It's funny to imagine that they're calling [NAME], a married man, an incel.
I agree with everything. Yet, society and its stupid outdated, conservative norms see it otherwise.
I'm surprised who posted this bc she's normally a sweet women but then there was this
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺
Thankfully I had supportive and patient friends, lol.
Yeah, I can see how that can sound that way
It goes a long way to explaining American mental health issues. Have you ever bothered to read anything?
I will be definitely doing this now. We have a meeting next week, so I will be sure to bring this up. Thanks!
Thanks for clarifying, was definitely originally taught wrong then. 🙃
I like your attitude :) yeah, you're awesome!
Props to YOU for being so appreciative, sir. :) You don't often see it. Good luck out there!
Very interesting study.
I miss them being alive
Happy birthday!
We cant even get sexually assaulted without them claiming we're gross fetishists
Except [NAME] is worse
Cant agree more on the first part but for the last, it comes out too harsh.
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.
Hahahahaha. That's hilarious. Oops! Thanks for pointing out my typo. I think I'll leave it.
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.
You clearly don't understand alimony.
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one 
There is something legitimately wrong with you
Winning is fun
O.o love it 👌
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?
Such a good story. Im now a grown man, crying at work... on reddit.
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill
I expect him to perform similar to 2017, though I'm hoping he breaks out (3~4 WAR).
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside."""
Shit, I guess I accidentally bought a Pay-Per-View boxing match
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.
Hahaha, FUCK
And completely daft
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.
You have no legs to stand on to accuse me of such.
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.
It was a poor choice of words.
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.
ITS A GOOD BOI!!
Unfortunately, on that we can agree.
Get the fuck out
Damn. Your bed must stink
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday. 
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS
"TD: ""You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!"" Also TD:"
MTV is so dramatic lol “beautiful love story”
[NAME] help us, if that's what she's saying about Catholicism 101 stuff, I shudder to think what other terrible information she's putting out
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela? 
Wat u been ordering u naughty boy😂
That's how mafia works
That woman on the left with red shirt and blue jeans looks really calm
Man [NAME] played really fucking well I hope this game especially after [NAME] last game establishes him as the starter.
I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.
Thanks for the confirmation
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.
This is a good one
Ayyy exactly!
Totally understand and love this.
Been spamming [NAME] in gold/plat elo, nashors into lich bane then hourglass is disgusting if you play it right.
happy birthday dude!
"Can we change the ""haha"" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] "
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls
Im having a terrible day and you made me laugh thank you
Lmao the revolution is here haha
"[NAME] was good in ""My Love from the Star""."
"They had been chanting ""we want tacos!"" Lol"
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.
Not sure if you're joking. Not sure if I disagree. But since the point of high school is daytime teenager containment google would not accomplish that.
Why are our trolls so boring :(
Might be an overestimate at this point.
Don't cope
[NAME] has filled a speech bubble with savage roasts, froze it, and bashed [NAME] over the head with it. [NAME] has fucking died.
Thank you! Yeah, she won't take bs.
Thank you. I will look into the protein possibility.
Yeah let's wrap up AS4 I'm suddenly so much more excited for S11
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀
Goat sighting!!
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.
ah Yuk!
Thanks, I reached out
Interesting, I know another millionaire who takes to Twitter and rambles in an attempt to distract people from negative news about him... 
Thankyou! :)
It was a very nice car, a 1978 Bugatti.
Glad I wasn’t the only who noticed. Annoyed me slightly.
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
oh ok thanks for explaining
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.
Her meal looks pretty good...
This. Literally this post. This post is a good start. :)
[NAME] can’t you see, you’re being way too loud for me
Where’s your shop my dude? I’m in Sydney I’ll come visit for a haircut
Been there a few times but not recently. I'm a builder mostly, been behind the scenes and behind a fair amount of big brands since 2008-ish
Its interesting how it's become so mythologised and based on a large mount of fiction (tanks on the streets, English soldiers) 
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves
Oh please lol
You'd better not cry!
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.
it really sucks how absolutely fucked some of us got genetically in the chest department
Nothing wrong with that! Sounds awesome :)
good luck my friend
From the post history, I'd say this looks like a highly inept karma farm bot account. Edit: OP is for real! Yay! Upvoting!
Everybody betrayed [NAME] [NAME]. I'm fed up with this world.
hay guyz let's all hang around in a chat room about old pictures and masturbate in a circle with smug looks on our carb bloated faces
Another establishment hit-piece against Saint Bernard
Yup ^ If it isn’t working now, it won’t work later. He needs to grow up, and you need to move on!
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.
What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.
[NAME] has progressed so much this season. Took him a little bit to start getting his confidence but I’m a lot more excited about his future now
This is the most adorable thing I've seen in a long time. I hope the intro went well.
Right now you’ll be sober for at least 15 years! Good luck man
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.
No but that's why I stay up way too late.
Wow. A relevant and amusing Garfield comic.
Lol I collect them too!
Thanks for the clarity.
Nah? Sadness and wine don’t mix too well, my conception is proof of that haha 
Have a good good upvote!
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though
Comfy girl = best girl
Thankfully. We have highly responsible gun owners and our gun control is fairly effective. We have way less violence and people generally can still enjoy them.
Interesting theory. I like your science. I just like the taste and wear protective clothing in case it falls apart.
Great thread for more humblebrags. Can't have enough on this sub
I noticed a lot of times racists just try to bait people so you did the right thing.
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.
Some, I assume, are good people.
Never again lol
Thanks dude. Shit happens!
I had season seats in 230 row 2 for a solid 5 years when the Pru just opened. Great view of the ice. Glad you had fun!
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.
Therapists hate this trick!
I got the 4K Blu-Ray and the Mrs and I are convinced you see more than butt in that scene.
Both teams played fantastically defensively, just because it’s not a 10 goal game doesn’t mean anyone played badly. 
Yes get [NAME] almost all the way the fuck out of here.
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.
When [NAME] shoots FTs you can really see the belly of that guy in the front row. It's awesome
Wait there are still people on this subreddit who haven't blocked that account? I'm impressed.
Yeah it's takes some time but use all that negative energy and focus on yourself.
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!
I reccomend the lego movie!
Surf Wax America, great song
Meanwhile Monokuma: Everything is free if you just become the blackened and get away with it
Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled
So excited!! Probably gonna be my new main ⚔️🛡
I wish for world peace!
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.
I feel you, mama. I hope tomorrow is a better day.
Fish and chips were amazing. Probably the best I've ever had, and as a fush and chups connoisseur I don't say that lightly.
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.
>Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.
Naw dude, other sports never have ankle injuries so they are fine. 
This one is the worst, by far
She just needs to kiss [NAME]
Their mere presence is all it takes, but being outgoing, gregarious or charming is icing on the cake.
As much fun as I've had yanking their chains, does anyone know the background behind these particular scam calls? I've gotten several of them lately.
Lets hope he gets a good birthday game ☺
"""Wildlife Safari is excited to offer paintings made by the elephants living right here in Southern Oregon!"" "
Happy to hear this exciting news. Congratulations on your fun-filled morning.
The housemate is a genius!
> But I still hope natal males will respect natal women's spaces.. They don't. I would hope they would but they don't.
Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.
[NAME] with that birthday gift
You have sound advice. Thank you. Another issue I have is this is an entire state away from us. A minimum 4 hour drive.
That’s what really kills me - thinking about this from our daughter’s perspective. Thank you for this. ❤️
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT
I dont know how this is a joke. BUTT, I appreciate the effort.
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18
That sounds simple and good
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.
But balance does not include the dark side
Nah, life is too short to drive boring car colors. 
You're championing the removal of some threads while complaining about the removal of threads...
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
With 8 million we could buy eight 1 million Brazilian/Argentinian players and hope 1 or 2 of them are good.
I mean fun
Yeah, was just very smoky with very burned ribs. I went and got teriyaki to console myself.
You’re the coward! I was the second man to walk on the moon. NEIL BEFORE ME.
a PG that shoots 41% on free throws? pass. would much rather have jrue if we're shitposting
She's so remarkably stupid.
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.
>I just wanna let you know your beautiful I don't appreciate being lied to!
OMG, im on hype.
Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.
I read this is the voice of [NAME]. Great job with the narration!
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!
I got that feeling as well. Hoping he retires a Jet. We are the one org that embraced him. He was coaching sam every step.
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.
I agree with this post times a billion and also: Save [NAME]! Love the name. Huge Fight Club fan.
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.
Holy shit.....just holy shit
This is adorable I want an update
I don't believe you, but even if that were true it still harms nobody
this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)
I'm okay with killing babies in general. I mean, mastification is the cornerstone of my diet.
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.
What a dumbass question to start with...
That’s actually a great idea if I ever have a kid that acts like I did!
She's a person of color, they instantly hate her lol. 
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].
After reading this comment, I wholeheartedly hope the rest of your life is beyond wonderful. 🤣
So nice of everyone to welcome [NAME] to his rehab like this.
The cult of reason was very unreasonable. :D
Man I'm glad that the caption told me this was hilarious... I might not have know otherwise.
No lol. It’s a personal preference.
The real [NAME] is always in the comments. Thank you internet stranger
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.
Got boomhauer(?)(boom-how-er) pretty right tho his character was apparantly a [NAME].
As guaranteed me under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement.
I have a college-level understanding of biology, as it is my degree of choice. Those 8th-graders are completely right. 
This is awesome!
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.
This physically hurt me
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once
talking about [NAME] i think
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!
Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)
Yup! Lol
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.
Awesome i already havr an will definitly not be doing it in the future thanks for the advice.
This is a good point, thanks :)
Aww man. And I just came up with a great shitpost I mean idea....
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.
Omg this is too good.
Lol, I don't know the game that well
OP literally said guys like [NAME] are not unicorns and not hard to find. They never said [NAME] was the ultimate standard lol
I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. 
I didn't even know there were two types of strep. That's very interesting!
They’re disgusting people inside and out
Thanks! I was probably going to look in the Midwest
Some of my best rolls were with 50mg. Less is more!
The sun will probably rise tomorrow.
1 Corinthians 13 😅 I am lazy so i won't write it down sry
We always look so hot headed at road 😞
Thanks man. You too
"Thank you. I've been correcting the record for triggered authoritarians for a minute! ""Mah taxes"""
Even when drinking, I would remember that D is 13, not 14. Semper Nerdalis.
She's ugly so that might add some more months.
You gotta love the process.
It's not you, Taco Bell is grade D racoon meat and isn't fit for human consumption.
You’re right, I have come across that as well. I have been driving long distances for too long! Congratulations on a shorter drive! 
I cant stop seeing SS VS BM
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. 
You are amazing
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low
what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.
Couldn't agree more
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤
Thank you for making this guide.
Excellent summary.
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.
Said it all year, I think losing [NAME] hurt this team in more ways than we'll ever know. 
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha
Pretentious erection is going to be the name of the lawyer funk band that I’m going to bring into existence someday.
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.
Yeah he is a giver not a taker
Ah yes January, the worst time of the year at the gym 
In this view, you claim to wield power over them, and are clearly no anarchist. You are implicitly advocating for hierarchy.
Oh no, not again! 
Your pedo-tache is only the fourth worst thing about your face.
See this guy gets it!
Nothing matters. The world was burning when you came in to it and it will be burning when you leave it.
Celeste is one of the free Games with Gold this month on Xbox One, I picked it up, it's a great (super hard) platformer
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.
He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.
Your art is really beautiful dude, it could straight up be in a museum 
Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.
Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.
really hope that is the case. Gotta keep the optimism up
I wish they didn’t hate [NAME] so much. Feels bad to play her.
[NAME] strange dreams. one life is enough
Oh yeah didn’t notice the username. Yeah please do. I just recently got into photography. Total noob but I love it.
Beyond that, it affirms the idea that discipline and habit exist for as long as you maintain them, which I find kinda funny. 
The [NAME] of horror!
I can’t wait for socialist Norway to collapse.
Taking a float plane is such a amazing experience - highly recommend!
Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!
Haha. Hope you get it sorted out. What a pain.
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are
FEAR THE TURTLE
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us
Welcome home [NAME]!
It’s a shame that the name of the man doing the kicking is lost to history.
They should wear the Burger King too
Love u too booboo
Your hamstering is beyond entertaining. There are tons of posts, but you can't find any?
I have a 4k screen lol. I didn't know you could do custom css rules. Thanks for the help.
Is that you? I love it.
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.
There must be some awful things happening right at this second
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.
I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it
Are you ghosting?
But seriously, you're probably going to feel very sick 
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].
Worst episode of the entire show
Very very accurate.
This is the kind of relationship i want to have,a warm soothing one.... 
Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.
he's a fantastic director, i've actually never heard of memories of murder! definitely will add that to my to-watch list :)
"""they can't come through the port"" He's obviously never seen The Wire"
That’s amazing. I hope you feel this way for many many days.
I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are
Good lord [NAME], just don’t buy it
If they add the yellow boots I’ll be happy. I really like this suit
Yeah I really hope nobody was in the back seat of the red car... I hope everyone is okay.
Hahahahaha I love this idea. I’m totally doing this!
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha
Thanks GM & Ford!
"You did not say you thought you did you said ""they both blocked me"" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL."
[NAME] is my 2nd favorite QB after [NAME]. Very high ceiling and [NAME] always seems to get the best out of his QBs
Doubt that, too good to be true
You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.
The third picture is creepy.
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil. 
Thanks, I really appreciate your advice :) 
Avoid. Without a contract he can kick you out at short notice any time And when you pay a deposit make sure it's protected.
Same. You run a progressive or I will not vote
Yeah I want all our players to have a nice healthy hatred for Texas. Good way to ensure they get hyped to play em.
[NAME] would be an exciting guy to bring here. I think he'd at some help at RB, especially if [NAME] ain't interested
I wish [NAME] played like [NAME]
That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. 
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.
Read. Smoke weed. Video games. Smoke weed and CLEAN ALL THE THINGS!
You sound like a douche.
This is alright, but [NAME] deserves a higher rating
>just something motor**sport** fans tell themselves to avoid admitting it’s not really a **sport**. Errr.
Bestest boi.
Condoms protect against most STDs.
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description
You've not listened to him.
ok thanks. i guess that's why there are none of them on reddit to respond to my inquiries lol
Yes! I love her laugh so much
It would be okay if they will turn them into some old non-obtainable premiums. I mean limited edition
Unfortunately later died from eating tainted meat. [NAME] BBC documentary 'dynasties' followed the marsh pride, the lion episode was awesome
Fuck me, that is good. 
Noted. Thanks for the suggestion!
books are good
That's awful. But I am proud of you for calling him out.
Because he was really really hoping people, even strangers on the internet, would think he was a doctor.
I love that you know this tidbit!
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.
That’s what I was thinking too but I didn’t want to just assume lol.
lol back in the day before the rise of BitTorrent, Russian ISPs used to run DC (DirectConnect) hubs
Look, I knew the end of that last sentence in my mind. It's not my fault you can't keep up.
Good luck to you! Cheers to a new year! 👍🏼
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!
That is a great video
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart
Thanks for showing me the most degenerate thing I've seen so far in 2019, and that includes a scat subreddit.
I guess the answer is pretty obvious too lol. It would be silly if you posted “[NAME] too...” the bucs?
[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too
>I have always been fairly short (5'9) Is this supposed to be a joke.
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29
You’re not being used but she has no right to tell you what to do with your money.
Holy shit he hit him hard
I don’t know Lady [NAME] drag race has a nice ring to it LOL [NAME].
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3
He’s such a pervert.
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy
Nah, I'm good. But thanks.
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history
This is the most accurate representation of BO4 I have seen yet👍👍👍
Think the word you’re looking for is ‘Maori’
? sometimes i play ffa with my friends to have fun
I still wish if we get a deeper face customization like in RPGs.
i think people who get up in a dizzy over an add that shames bullying and sexual harassment are probably special snowflakes.
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.
I assume so, in some form. I also hope they show us more up close of their big city as barely shown in some episode I forget. 
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.
That explains it, I rarely report people anymore This Khajit informs the other Khajit that it is welcome
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.
That game hurt.
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!
Nice job building yourself btw
"[NAME] was caught stealing his neighbors newspapers. He pockets all the money that is given to him and he does not use it effectively. [NAME] sad ""life"""
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment
Greetings fellow human
...I just encountered this on Facebook and your title was my response. Did we just become best friends?
They are the best but my office is so far away 😞
I wanted to see him show out over Kemba.
I only watched a few episodes, but I loved that guy.
She should be FIRED
"Wow....thank you...you just ""woke"" me up :) "
The books are pretty cool. They even get into the nerdier science side of being able to teleport.
damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game
Ok. Believe what you want. Have fun starving to death.
[NAME] these are hideous
I wish Florida was a thing for me... But I'm keeping toasty with a little liquor love in Erie, PA... 
Hahaha! Omg, that’s so funny. Thanks for taking one for the team. I heard it was bad but not that bad. 
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one
It's a hit headline from coin desk that has nothing to do with the article--which is glowingly positive for Ethereum and the Ethereum space.
Yeah I suppose lol, but either way yours is the best one I've seen so far 
Women aren't smart enough to see an intellectual kino du art like [NAME] multiple times
Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.
You're making yourself look more stupid with every reply. Google what the heck model organisms are.
Sometimes for a laugh, I will come to r/Canada to read comments of the ignorant.
Thanks, that's an important point I should have mentioned. 
Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all
My oldest jersey is Gilmour, but I'd love to add a Sittler or Salming jersey to my collection. 
i would not vote for him
Lol not your picture mate
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff
I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.
I like beating wales cause my friend is welsh and I like beating the french because I’m English and it feels natural
Last 30 seconds where [NAME] and [NAME] were silent to listen to the crowd gave me chills. Such a fun game and team! Aho is my dad
There's also the possibility of mold growing between the skin flaps. That's why some very pbese people can smell like rotting cloth.
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊
Ah the ol' cucked boyo. Whatever after what I've seen you won't change my mind buddy, that's for sure.
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue
Lol every time I complain we score like 2 min later. I will wait 5 min
Shit out to my little hommies who's parents made them go to school today.
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed
Yup ,Russia is such a fine example for the world ,truly an beacon of hope ./s
Thank god, Montrose has always been lacking some decent Mexican food and now we're finally getting it!
I wish ours was like that.
Good for you man. Enjoy.
[NAME] man hope your luck changes soon. I’m sure they’ll patch it up in the future
That was my wish in writing this. We all need hope sometimes. Some enchanted evening comes for each of us in its own time I think.
But transit is amazing here.
Glad she was a good sport about it.
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here
I would gleefully look forward to a battle where fascist apologists and race baiters utterly destroy each other. Maybe then we can have a civil, unified society.
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<
Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.
Ah true blue love
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.
Love those freckles! You’ve got that girl next door kind of beauty
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.
That’s awesome!
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.
Old school runescape, make an Ironman. It changes the game and makes everything so much more meaningful and fun :) hardcore if you enjoy stress
They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.
You are unfortunately far and few between.
This is why we love Football!!!
Ate too much “hot chips”
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.
Congratulations, you can into geolibertarianism
Nope but nice try. Nothing to do with the TH case.
Thank you, this was what I was hoping to hear. The last thing I'd want right now is to make mourning him any harder.
I like TRTL.
The irony here is i agree, but [NAME] is capable of doing it in a bad tank meta. That guy really needs a look at, lol.
What The actual fuck
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]
She got me into it so not wrong lol
Obviously. Just like men are not raping or beating their wives. Rapists and wife beaters are. Thanks for playing.
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”
I mean purely in the context of these pants he isn’t wrong
This makes perfect sense, thank you for explaining! 
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink 
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.
My aim in battlefornt 2 is pretty good = navy seal, elite unit
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.
take care!! <3
Funny how it do
I wish there was hope, but we are all bracing for hard brexit. My country is a laughing stock right now. 
haha. I think he means this in a good way. Just poorly verbalized.
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!
"I workout to ""the grid"" a lot. It's a 20 minute piece that continually builds. Its wonderful."
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**
Thank u goalie [NAME]
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.
I appreciate your meme OP.
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out
TB12 is the greatest
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies. 
Loooool I didn’t know that it’s ridiculous
Thank you for your service
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women
Do you feel better now?
Two problems: It's not a newsworthy story. You'd get sued for defamation.
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
Support this cause please. It saves lives
It's also my 40th birthday, so bring a gift! 
Sweet mother sweet mother
Haha Not like this in my experience, but I guess it's different in USA
The women-are-wonderful effect.
At least this makes me feel better about not being photogenic. It’s the cameras fault!
[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!
a lost art
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]
Sorry. But I think I DO have a right to an opinion broseph...
remember what you're fighting for
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.
"""bussy full of beans"" is an earth-shattering phrase"
Oh I haven’t even found those! That’s hilarious though.
Idk how but that's nice
Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?
Well he's right. The evil is a choice, it's not inherent.
American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex
I like you. Yes, you.
"My favorite so far is ""national emergency declares national emergency."""
Agreed sis. But I was just annoyed at that point and wanted to get laid. Didn't happen though. Oh well. Thanks!!
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. 
Right, and the names would be different.
Losing to cruz azul smh
Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far
I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.
The only thing worse than this guy, is an actual vegan lecturing random strangers on why meat is murder. 
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.
I love you raccoon go blazers
Thank you so much. I will check them out as well.
Very interesting link, thanks for sharing. Happy New Year!
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!
Damn, but I’d miss my mother. Then again she’d be all happy in her heaven. The rest of us can party. 
Maybe slw the fuck down eh
[NAME] saw it during the football game and was super impressed!
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.
Hello! Happy new years my friend!
. beautiful you have a way with words here
Well said. And I love your username. 👑
That's what I say, but the commercial is clearly pandering.
Followup comment that not-so-subtly requests gold by feigning ignorance or pandering to the pathos of uninspired premium redditors.
"A ""Texas DUI"" sounds like a weird sex move. "
That face too. Everything was perfect.
Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort
Homing pigeons make the best SOs
Soooo difficult to do.
Dude alcohol is literally poison and talking about tryna self medicate?
Now that's what I call projection!
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.
Ugh. It makes sense why you spend so much time with him. Still please please don't marry him.
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.
[NAME] please don’t come to the USA. We’d love to have you...but you don’t need to deal with this.
Hey now!
"Now I'm imagining him responding to your dirty talk with an enthusiastic ""yummy!"""
No, she tried and failed lmao
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.
Given the situation I actually think it was the best possible outcome. A great success.
Nothing to worry about. 4 inches is fine. You will do well because you are a nice guy.
Thanks, but to my mind, I had no choice. My marriage is everything to me. 
Imagine if [NAME] wins the power and uses it at the noms, not realizing [NAME] wasn't even planning on nominating her lol
We made a big raft of inflatables on Little Bay and listened to the Hottest 100. Good times. The water is finally nice and warm.
My brah, [NAME] on the line up! Fuck yeah!
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq
That's [NAME] btw in men in Black. He is also the actor who plays [NAME] in Netflix Daredevil. Such an amazing actor.
You’re right :(
#welcome to Doordash lol We all quit Doordash
So we need a jewelry store and a tv show. Bet lol
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.
But if the dentist makes you wait more than 15 minutes, you are legally allowed to leave. ^I'm ^just ^kidding, ^you ^probably ^should ^stay.
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great
That’s not a good thing to do. And taking it into account for sentencing is fine. But she’s still guilty.
Thanks for sharing! I've got some smoothie recipes to start me out and the one I bought today at a local shop seemed to help a bit.
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true
Try a group called Our Companions website: people who care a great deal.
Was not aware. I know it's bad but I rather keep my head in the sand on this one because I still want to like [NAME].
My condolences.
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.
So so happy, more than you believe 
> Obs streamlabs Thank you buddy, I will take a look at it now and do some testing
Thank you! I'm going to do my very best. ❤❤❤
That’s not proof.
Thx man just reached grandmaster by doing this, while edgewalking
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.
hahaha incredible, good catch 
Sorry I have to ask your age before I yell you.
Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.
Yeah, I’d definitely wanna be baked for that
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep
That’s crazy. Depending of the state you’d effectively be obligated to work for that employer.
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.
Take some time to ponder why you fancy yourself intelligent when you revel in pedantry and can't even understand such a simple point.
It is crazy and another reason I treat going to the states with caution lol
What a garbage post
It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.
He looks like that one guy
The best for a reason.
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.
Happy cake day brother!
Thanks for all the down votes!
Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!
Woord stay safe and have fun my friend. That’s a good find haha
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.
How dare you disrespect [NAME].
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.
Baby cake!
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.
My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.
I won't stop crying 😭
Apathetic. Not happy, not sad, just don't care
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS
Glad things came out alright for you...
"I put ""haha"" after everything I say because I'm insecure "
Why did you repost this 7 hours after your initial post!? And to the same sub!? Yo, that's not cool man.
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.
Where's her british accent? lol I love to dislike her videos <3
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that
I am just asking for job-advice. I have dealt with this condition for a long time, and know what medical therapies are effective and feasible for me. Thanks
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!
That’s so nice! Kindness like this makes my heart happy.
Hope you feel better and you’re on the way a speedy recovery.
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.
Well someone should stop them!
I like that one that goes “Shield me from sorrow, Fear of tomorrow”
I believe you copied and paste from somewhere or previous answer. We are definitely not talking about the same thing. Hope you get better man. Cheers.
It's not funny. Your neighbor doesn't sound very bright.
I got cousins who were missionaries to Venezuela in the [NAME] years. They have not been shy about their opinions on this matter. They support the rebels.
Her parents are raising her to be a terrible person. Fantastic.
sorry it was absolutely not like that
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.
If at first you don’t succeed...welp, nevermind.
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, ""no small talk please""."
Thanks, I understand what you mean, this made me feel better :)
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings
That looks like a fun group
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?
No, go home
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up ""kidding"" in the dictionary.)"
Yeah I've become extremely cynical since I started making these sorts of realizations.
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
Can’t wait to try this out
proper fucking order
I wish i could upvote more than once
Because men are weak/stupid enough to let them.
What will the UN bring anyway? Turkey will be victorious. I love my country.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)
Good because I've been waiting since September!
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.
I had a total of 5 pet chickens. No way I could've ever eaten any of them. Glad that gfather confirmed that Banana Chip was buried.
Imagine thinking you can learn what you need to about parenting from a paper lol
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.
You shouldn't skip to any scene. This is a masterpiece from start to finish.
$1200 gets you a hell of a nice mortgage on a home.
LOL! You're fucked.
Thank you ☺️
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.
Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this
The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. I’ll have to check it out! Thanks
First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.
Leave me alone :(
This is seriously disturbing. Even more disturbing, is that we aren’t doing anything about this, and it’s going to expand. Watch. 
Lol ahh man this made me laugh so hard. That filled my laugh gauge for the day.
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(
Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90
But it's accurate. The other link states he was living in one of the poorest provinces in China. Dude was just an idiot
Thanks, now where's eyebleacher?
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay
For real! It was like a shining beacon in the night!
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me
Good night, sweet prince. I hope it was a quick one.
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING
Sorry to link it here but would love to get some opinions on this post
SDAs are [RELIGION] tho lol
That was the best time to be Black in LA
Fuck i know. I'm so worried for girls like me growing up now.
I kept them and wish I hadn't. A pain to get rid of the further removed you are.
That beat slaps. Good memories
Your friend should be disowned by their family
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker
Sushi is Japanese
I love this kid.
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.
Crayfish. thank you! this cord was from an old beam-type smoke detector.
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference 
Good for #70 to console the poor guy
And that’s assuming all your organs are in good condition, if you smoke or drink heavily you are likely losing lots of value.
Fear - that's it. You need to work on identifying and overcoming your fears.
Probably because its likely, unfortunately. The question is what happens next for people that are obsolete.
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
That little smile at the end is exactly why she looks fun.
I hate poetry
Why would a poll showing a negative favorability rating go to her head? If anything, people should be worried this will cause her to change her approach.
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. 
*what the fuck*
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.
Yup. Lol
hope everything ended up alright, op! 
It's a dumb and harmful thing, when you invite people because of their race and sexual orientation over qualifications and skill
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. 
Holy hell I hate them so much.
> ftw Awesome statistic. Made my day! Love it
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis
But it's still....the geographic location of Arizona haha.
Looks f*cking delicious
No worries, good luck!
Really seemed like a great guy :(
I've never been so proud of humanity.
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.
God [NAME] is awful
Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)
Hahaha, that's brilliant. Stupid and hilarious. 
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop. 
Great tip, thanks for this. Always just assumed I either used print screen, or the snip tool for copying specific things on screen.
Ah, thank you
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭
I don’t think spurs gonna sell one of them main player to a rival like that. Not for this little.
Someone did this when the roommate was breaking into her room and trying to leave dirty cat litter in it
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*
thank u, thank u
That’s so wholesome.
Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?
Grandma is bad at math
When you look back at your picks and realize you’re laying pretty much entirely chalk Tenn -8 Bowling Green -4 Akron -1 NC STATE -1.5 Duke -21 MSU This should go well lol
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there
I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. 
I know it’s out of control!
Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh
VR Mechwarrior would be awesome
You can't buy a toe line.
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh
Lucky he didn't jackknife.
you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.
That’s awesome! Good call :) settling my alarm now m/
This also made me Smile, thank you
I'm glad your expectations are low..i am expecting full on knee jerk reactions if the game doesn't go well tonight.
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell. 
"""So long, [NAME]"""
No problem! Happy to help :)
Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts. 
u/dances-with-corgis Says they'll never forget their username. Literally forgot their username. Sorry, but: 😂😂😂😂, that's some [NAME] level tiny mess up.
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.
I love [NAME] as a player. I still think the best is yet to come with him. Just praying he stays on the field.
Protesting in general is an emotional response. People’s attachment to their cause grows stronger in the face of confrontation and adversity.
Yawning at the insults to me, not the Woman
Great job! Hats off to you.
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.
u/-adamsmith perfect troll account name, but at least he united all of r/MLS. Thanks for teaming up, everyone.
We’ve done this twice, we have four awesome trees from them. Awesome organization!
That was a hell of a tip, that happens
Oh my god, who in the world eats their cracker without its Shell? Simply disgusting, didn't even had to ask. Smh
He isn't as big, but he's still quite popular. I've heard the same thing about his content. Never watched him much.
[NAME] and I don't agree with much, but I agree with him here.
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.
Everything purdue throws up goes in. Frustrating. Need to find a way to get stops or this ones over at halftime
cool, gonna check this game now
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home
She got exactly what she wanted.
That's amazing!
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.
Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.
Professionally.... no way I could do that to myself
Shhh don't give them the idea!
Nice to see someone actually posted something useful here. :D Thanks!
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry
It's weird that actual socialists will say that politics has moved far to the right.
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort. 
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.
.... That literally made my stomach clench. I can't believe they are charged for the samples... Just eww.
Not really the point I'm making, but thanks.
They look pretty good down there.
I’d love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready)
Feeling better now?
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life
I just want someone who listens to scientists. That's too much to ask though.
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!
[NAME] is just awesome. I have vacancies for long range adoptive grannies if she's not busy?
This will only help garner support for his side.
Well he abused his previous girlfriend, he ran a porn site that's what I know
That boy ain’t right
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum
San Junipero. What if old ladies could fuck, using the Matrix!?
Please make this happen. It works fine for Arizona. It will work fine here. Do it.
Osaka making me nervous
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.
Glad to see Tael (wabi) on the list but surprised its not at the top.
All I ask is to not embarrass us on National TV like they did against Philly.
That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha
Thanks! I didn't understand til now
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere
How are we going to get a high 2021 pick? Unless we lose a ton of games of course.
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD
Man pre ASG Yankees were absolutely fun to watch. Judge hitting that homerun was awesome
i hope she is dead now and can not hurt anyone else.
I think 2020 will be the year it'll start to really crumble. 2019 is the year we still have to work really hard to make that happen.
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️
Sweet summer child
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)
At this point, LSC only exists to give socialists a bad name.
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year
This is where the fun begins.
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)
I just discovered her today and I love her music
I was prepared to accept [NAME] for Pirela!
Thank you for being proud of me!
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory
no, thanks for asking 
Yeah that makes a lot of sense and I'm glad you looked passed all the negativity
Sweet. I can get by on beer. Cant sit through a comedy show without an adult beverage of some kind.
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed
I once got one missing half a wafer. So delicious.
Scripted but funny
Thanks man, likewise for you
This is super old news
this is super cute, i love it
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.
You're not my real mom. I don't have to listen to you. Just because my dad loves you doesn't mean that I have to!
I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.
This article gives the details
Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.
I still want BO4 multiplayer prestige 0 Level 55 icon PepeHands
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid
Nice work as always dish.
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..
Watch again. It's frosted white in the beginning and black (no window) after
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.
A real man ain't be ashamed of crying. I cry with you my bro. Let's all cry together!
I agree. That should be the core. [NAME] will be an elite defender
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.
Happy Cake day!
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.
"I read that as ""It's fat being fucked in the picture"" lmfaoooo"
They hated him, because he told them the truth
lol that was just bad, [NAME] 
Wrote some good poems too
Understand their point of view, 13 IS too young. Imagine how they felt when they found out their innocent child was watching adult videos.
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.
Glad we can take a win into Philly.
How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot
Worst winter ever :(
Thank you, you are blessed
You're fighting the good fight here. If you still want blackberries on your property, you can always try growing our native one, *Rubus ursinus*.
That would be more accurate but less impactful/explanatory of the point the creator is trying to make---it's an illustration of the Apex fallacy.
Isn't Marquis literally a noble title and not his actual name. I don't think being nobility counts as a fair expectation for the modern youth.
Ughh same. Love the finish of it just wish it had more coverage.
Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.
[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.
Have you seen Lord's and Ladles on Netflix? It's not a competition, but the scenery and the little facts are super interesting.
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!
Great point.
I love lamp.
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.
I really like [NAME] videos
That is really valuable thank you. Supplying stats definitely will help my writing, so thank you for the feedback
Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.
JAEGER CALM DOWN!
Wait, what. Are you okay son? I'm here to talk. 
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again
I was ok till that last one.
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory. 
This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!
Imagine that rattle.. all the way back to Michigan. Enough to drive you mad
Oh cool! I don’t drink, but I’m sure a store would have some ready to throw out or something!
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.
Stomping the Titans before Christmas in 2012. I got to watch nearly every playmaker do something big, and got to razz my Titans fan buddy all day. 
I love spaghetti... Can I have your recipe?
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.
[NAME] got heart
I was trying to think of a better player to pick on..... couldn't lol
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good
Take a break then get back out there!
I like to laugh
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...
The problem is your husband. If he prioritized you, he would have figured something out. I’m so sorry.
I really hate this jersey and it just doesn't seem like a Sabres logo despite being the most accurate to the name of the team.
Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. 
"Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says ""cat sanctuary"" and hang it above your front door. "
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!
Twas delicious friend
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair
You are a shining ray of light in a dark chessless world. thank you my friend.
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)
"I drove to Alaska from Washington state a couple years ago in a tractor trailer. Those roads are already pretty ""interesting""."
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha
They live was a great film.
[NAME] damit you got me! Take your upvote sir!
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]
"CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT ""virgins gonna be scared"""
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.
This is a thing of beauty
This is awesome. You can really see how little wasted motion [NAME] had—everything looked effortless.
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!
Bahahaha this is gold.
What’s wrong with this
internally down-voting for the sarcasm!
It was a bad one, and you should feel bad. 
That was a great episode
Really Nice chiaroscuro
Yes. She should. Just not President. I've heard people say she should, and she is nowhere near ready for that. 
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...
Cant you just say no when it doesnt feel right? Sleeping in same bed can help heal...after the initial shock is passed.
That looks amazing
Haha love it!
I agree with this. I'm extremely happy with the hires, but I think the draft may be a bigger tell tale on how the off-season goes.
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)
We can't let the 8 year olds who are playing an M rated game see all of this bad language!!
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes. 
Purposefully hurt people. [NAME]. I don’t understand why anyone cares.
An admirable effort
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀I’m bad at this game🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
Cause schools the world over teach a unit about Alaska. OP is an oaf who's never left their hometown.
Thank you.
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh
>very good teams and perfect situations Situations such as.... [NAME] at the Knicks? Lmao dude, give it up. 
True but stranger things have happened.
Yea I'm poor :(
it’s just a nice gesture. don’t make it so deep lol
this is cute
this off season is dark and full of terrors
Lol what can you even say you meant to say? “Sorry auto correct meant let’s do SOCKS”.
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.
First- damn what a block Secondly- that was a really smart timeout there. Expected a prayer shot.
When's he due? (Sorry, couldn't resist)
What a legend this fellow is, novak the one and only
I mean idk everyone else I know knows but I just feel this identity is right for me
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression
It’s such a good show tho
Oh dear. Ive tried to forget that. Lmao If some one brings this up, i just remind them we are also the toilet water town. Lol
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.
You nailed it!
Drs hate him!
That gives you zero right or say over what someone wears. You are wrong.
I'm excited as a Lions fan.
I hope you both enjoy it!
Part of being an adult is putting awkward on the back burner because some things are more important and need to be said.
I love PnR
"I love how the lab is in the front like ""shotgun!"" ."
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.
I want to thank whoever lied to her and said those contacts were a good idea
I think [NAME] does a great job! Can't believe she's 56...she looks amazing!
Fair enough good point
You two are perfect for one another.
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.
you're right, it's all very murky
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better
your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game
As if they're going to go through that much effort... they wont even walk up the stairs to get to the box
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!
[NAME]. hopefully that mindset will change (no pun intended)
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing. 
That's really interesting.
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.
Damn... 😑
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.
Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. 
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.
Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do
This is incredible. I love this album so much. Everybody wants to rule the world is so good.
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.
Fuck yeah, I eighteenth this. 
Finally got this in the mail today. I'm pretty excited. My favorite ballplayer.
Thanks for the recommendations!
Lol squidward has vibes similiar to dxm vibes imo
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.
I'm not crying... you're crying!
I do this when rolling haha
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.
[NAME] looked great!
Hi [NAME] nice to see you
Thanks for the advice. It does presuppose that I am able to have that conversation with him though. Will give some thought to how to do it.
Sure, okay.
I slept so great last night uwu More wins vs them please!
I like both.
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.
Lmao we really tried that again
No, not at all.
I'm glad he's still watching
Your wife is very lucky to have you. I hope my WS feels like this one day. I pray for it every night.
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong
I agree. The timing is really funny to me
Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is
Thank you OP, I love you (no homo if you’re a male).
Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. 
Yeah, but you get the honor back for skinning them as 'Resourceful'
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?
OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head
That's great to hear! I had no idea we actually helped so many people with just a dumb sign and some cookies.
Yeah I usually do it if no-one will
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.
Don't hold your breath!
Yes it is. But from what I've read it sounds like it was after the testimony and not one of the charges against him.
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy
Annoyed by the people refusing**
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.
Disgusting trash feminazis, fuck your hijab
no, educate yourself like an anarchist. 
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!
No, that means you're actually 41.
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool
The people of NI need to know the joy of football special
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.
This is awesome!
Please tell me your shop didn't get you in trouble for that D:
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.
That would be the greatest night ever!
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while 
Such a great movie that kinda gets overlooked.
Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.
All of the ones regular people have, just applied in a more logical way I guess. 
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.
"> ""NOPE!"" Had a good laugh out of that"
Funny how artificial famines are genocide when the Brits do it, but not when it's the Soviets. 
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. 
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.
now thats a good use for a glue gun
Yeah, that's why I'm not feeling like there's much I can do except vent.
Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!
Ayee aha, and Yeah don’t be afraid to go higher if everything was good!!! Lmk how it goes when you do!
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.
Idk why, but this is the one I love at restaurants
Nice, thanks!!
"You are like 2 years away from being Mr [NAME].... ""eeeeexcellent"""
A joke of a mock and I usually refrain from being critical of other people's perspectives of team needs and such.
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.
Hell yeah!
Stafford Starford Starlord OMG!!!
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.
FUCKING DIN!!!
This is good
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better. 
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(
This is so sad. #playdespacito
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.
Such a beautiful smile! I can tell from your eyes that you’re a good person, and very sweet. I hope life treats you well.
Lol. Ill try but its just not fun anymore. Haven't dashed in 2 weeks. Busy day job now so no extra time for shenanigans
Be careful with this. This is the same rationale lots of people used to hate on the Covington students.
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)
I had that moment of “wait, am I the narcissist” too! Thankfully, like you said, time & distance cleared that up. 
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.
The one with the hot honey is also fantastic. Touch of heat and just a hint of sweet. Good food.
You have much to learn
Welcome to the new normal.
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is
If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:
You missed the chance to title it [NAME] :(
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.
My all time favorite band!!! Now my son listens to them and [NAME]!
I like these cultures and would be happy to tell you what sort of work qualifications/licensure/certification have you acquired, if any?
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one"""
"""here's where the map completely breaks"" ""also centurion has safe heavies"" like really lmao"
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.
i was leaving areal comments not pormotions but acctually i was leaving many
I can't even imagine the stupid tattoo I'd have if I got one at 15. Probably like a Red Bull logo or something
You might want to look into therapy
What a horrible person
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.
We've been bamboozled
I mean, it'd be nice to see some other teams in the championship anyways, it's been Bama vs. Clemson 3/4 past years
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.
Lmao at this point she’ll probably deliver Teddy/Owen’s baby.
You’re number 1 now.
In case you're wondering, Nintendo does put a bittering agent in their Switch cartridges...and it tastes horrible. 
So you think I can not find it anywhere? I love that sweatshirt yes you help me! thank you!
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.
the dude wanted to watch the talking car show. geez. haha jk. thats freaking creepy
If u see the show you would realize that swearengen it's motivating the journalist, everyone will run in to painful situations some give up, some fight back
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣
Are you being stupid again?
It makes me uncomfortable for anyone to force physical affection on anybody, it doesn’t matter the age. 
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop 
If you have insurance, see of they'll cover it. My mother got her reduction completely covered due to a history of pain.
Being adorable mostly
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it
I appreciate it so much! I'm gonna message you!
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.
It wasn't a good idea then... it's been 10 years, why do you still think this was funny?
That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.
If it also ends up with them meeting [NAME] 4 horsewomen pals ([NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]), that'll be interesting.
This person is a god damn idiot
Great fucking game for [NAME]. And I can't believe some people are trying to hate on him for one TOV in the 4th. This fan base smh
I agree. She seemed to truly love [NAME] . [NAME] loves the life [NAME] provides fir him. It’s a sad situation.
Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! 
"I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking ""What happened, are you ok?"""
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is ""almost no one"". Bloody hell mate. "
Holy hell, that sub is nice.
Where did people get this? It’s hilariously wrong.
I was listening to look alive by [NAME] and [NAME] and it was perfect timing with this video and the song😂😂
I hate fags
I did not know that, and tbf I did completely neglect my MH between 18-23. Too busy with sex, drugs and alcohol. 
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.
I like to think that the next update will add zeros effects towards the tac mask challenge. Speed things up real quick.
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
I like this person.
On my way! Thanks!
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome
Make sure you get that on video for the lawsuit. Hope she’s ok...
Well good luck with that. [NAME] does nothing but be a minor headache with occasionally killing some border guards.
WHAT THE FUCK
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred
You're amazing. I'd buy it :)
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"""
that sounds fun!
The Citadel has given us much to be thankful for.
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.
Much better thanks hun !
"The ""Nice, nice."" Is really cringy for some reason."
Here for [NAME], love this.
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say that’s a terrible idea.
happy for [NAME]. hopefully you get someone worth a shit now
While out at the beach for a weekend for her birthday. There was no final straw, I just wanted to. 
I run both, use my bl, next chase, dh. Even with exhausted, bl has that stagger reduction, so you can kite killers
Great way to be late on 80% of your orders. I mean I didn't say it was impossible, but you put rating at risk
It more effective if you do it in person
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship 
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.
That was fun.
Lmao thanks for the update!
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.
Love this - beautiful penmanship
Stay strong.
Hey, it's working again! Somebody at YouTube must have given the server a whack, because suddenly the recommendations are making sense. I wonder what happened today.
Please kind sir may I have some more
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( 
MTV loves Indiana
>It is tailored to your viewing history. That's fairly common knowledge nowadays isn't it? Weird thing for the comic to point out.
I freakin love this channel
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]
wow I think you've really got her now
I'm underweight anyways, somebody hand me an English to (whatever language) translation book.
That's a pretty cat. It would be nice if it could go to Rocky Mountain Feline Rescue, as they are no-kill.
He’d go down with a mysterious season ending injury
*Chocolate thugs don't mess around* That's interesting though. Something to look forward to when you wake up
He’s one of America’s greatest songwriters.
[NAME] and I, we're gonna have a hell of a time!
[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........
It sucks that you had to go through that. I hope you're doing fine now (and your kids if any).
Why did you agree to it... Lol... I'd understand if it was kindergarten kids who agreed to some rules and later decided to change their minds...
Fuck this guy
It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.
Now that's ride sharing!
Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.
Reality is often disappointing
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu
I’m finishing that right now. Very fascinating.
They both crazy
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.
This offense is just painful to watch.
Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.
This offseason has been so upsetting
I'll have to start paying attention to the Diamondbacks now. Hope he does well out there!
You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies
Good [NAME].
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.
I’m here for a final set match TB like this match deserves!
Love you (No homo)
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.
I'm so glad to hear that! Good luck rebuilding yourself.
Gotta love jetpacking.
cheers for the replies guys. appreciated
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.
Not true. Our knowledge of it is derived from the fossil record, which is geological.
Pretty fucking brutal when your starting front court is 0-10 from the field. Whatever. I figured we would split this back to back anyway. Good game for our big 3.
This is fucking hilarious
Thanks for that..
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition
Surely the error is lexical. And I think the original comment is poor (non native) idiom use
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.
Wouldn't that be the western sky? Also very beautiful pic, OP.
[NAME] damn I need a cigarette now
Lol oh shit everyone turn around
Doesn't work for a newspaper. I was just laughing because I said to him that I could see that happening. Opened reddit and saw your post.
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create
Essence is amazing!
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.
Do I wish people with face tattoos wouldn't be judged? Hell yes! But I'm not ignorant or Delusional enough to believe this.
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!
It took me, like, 3 hours to finish the shading on your upper lip. It's pretty much the best drawing I've ever done.
That’s not cool
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?
Then I disagree that being a cog in someone’s machine is reason to be resentful.
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. "
Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?
Most FBI agents never fire their weapons and spend more time looking at excel sheets, lol
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field
Love it! It’s somewhat realistic. Maybe not that THAT degree, but I enjoyed it.
Yea having children will always solve the problem
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.
Didn’t see anything about exercise or nutrition in there. Shits important
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter
It's weird. You might be right to worry.
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.
Do you not commute to work? It's still like that during rush hour traffic.
That is absurd, man. I'm sorry you don't believe in the spirit realm. 
This made me chuckle
I would have said ok well I'll just take this back to the store.
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.
I'm not sure how to post a picture lol. Here's my attempt.
My opinion is that this person's opinion is stupid, fallacious, and bad.
Someone you guys are on Grindr just to screenshot your own witty replies to men trying to bang you, don’t deny it.
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.
Nice. How is prep going??
""" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account"" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse. "
As someone who's had whooping cough as an adult I will physically beat down anyone who says that especially about their kids
I liked the comeback tho
don't know any [NAME], sorry
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.
I enjoyed when they learned what New York City billionaires really think about guns.
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.
ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.
Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this
This is my dream deal as well please basketball gods make it happen
Thanks for reading!
So in that case I'd be able to look at what I'm about to lose until I come back the next round 😅
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.
Mate it's been nice the last couple weeks. You're gonna die when a stormy period arrives.
Obviously, as long as [NAME] commanded it then it's moral. Morality brought to you by stone age goat herders!
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.
[NAME], back at it again with the awesome art.
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too
This is a pathetic grasp to hope where there is none, hoping for a top 15 pick isnt going to bring us out of the bottom Look at edmonton
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.
Beautiful Work! You take doing [NAME] work quite literally:)
praise be to the dark mother!
I bet your all of the rage at parties
Thanks for the clarification :)
I think she looked perfect beforehand. They're just too big!
I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.
Boooo!!
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.
Ooh I like that one :)
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!
Sure, sorry for late response.
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.
I'm betting you're 100% right. 😊🍻
Wow, I wasnt expecting that to be a real sub lol that's awesome
I'd put the Thielen TD against Packers as number 1. That was such an amazing play by [NAME] and [NAME].
Hell yes 😁 I loved it.
I’m anything but little you little puppy kicker
Thank you that’s so sweet! PM me if you want!
Weird flex but ok
I'll miss the podcast
This - people have been saying he’s 5 mins away from impeachment since he got elected, lol.
Yep, the presidency isn’t at all related to the 22nd amendment. Be gone, chud.
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is
[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.
thanks, just sold my house to go all in
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not ""throw it in the trash"" either. "
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.
Happy real life cake day my dude :)
She is so brave 😥😭
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks! 
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.
He sounds like a stand up guy. I want his attitude in the clubhouse for sure
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax 
Oh it is going to be glorious.
I really wanted this to be a real sub.
ah, [NAME] I love this boy
It's mostly what kids are enjoying at the time. I know I associate Minecraft with my little brother would watch cringey Minecraft YouTube videos all day
you fucking moron
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!
That's the spirit! Mah diggah... ⛏️💎❤️
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
What a bullet, and what a sequence for [NAME]
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.
So you are in Finland or Israel? Edit: that is kind of funny, I said that, THEN clicked on your profile, and sure enough 
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.
I wish I could say the same, I feel like something important would happen and I wouldn’t know
Even if it’s available 24/7 on your new website 99% of it is ugly so people still won’t buy it.
Little scrub didn't even make it through the first week of NN19.
Citation found, dumbass.
Actually feel sorry for her. She has depression and low self esteem, this is not going to make it better.
I mean Darkfall really has the best combat but the rest of the game lacks.
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆
You guys rock!
Shirt is cringey, but he’s right. 
I will make it proper! 🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄
Thats weak as fuck.
The first season was excellent and two was very bad, you should try three and four though
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass. 
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.
Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.
That uncle was awesome.
Someone on r/nba said [NAME] was borderline elite defensively...lol
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.
I’ll take one [NAME] please
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.
>Many of these jobs are necessary for society That's where you are wrong
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up
So he's a twitch streamer who plays fortnite, thats cool. But How does he end up being the DJ at a concert? Lmao
Went to their other location in Capitol Reef National Park and it was fantastic. The cauliflower dough is great even if you're not into gluten-frei.
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you
Thank you so much. I'm really glad you found yourself. I hope to get there.
Ok, thanks for the clarification. I don't find it compelling but I appreciate your time and patience.
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully
Sometimes though, I wish I could be sad for a whole week; that would be a blessing. 
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.
I’ll try to follow your advice. Thank you very much for your kind answer and your prayer. I’ll pray for you too.
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise. 
This literally broke my heart
I still love Asian women. They will always be number 1 for me (exlcuding [NAME] of course)
There are too many depressing headlines on the news. This story made me laugh.
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.
I wouldn’t be mad. We need someone who knows what the hell theyre doing
Thanks and you too!
Ha you're hilarious. Upvoted
I don't disagree with anything there.
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am. 
Whenever I'm having a bad day, I watch a few eps of Cosmos to chill out.
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.
Happy cake day!
I'm on mobile but clearly I need to get on desktop! edit: am on pc, is wonderful!
That’s an amazing photo. Thanks for sharing!
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea
This is amazing news for the Giants. If either of these guys are available at 6 they should literally sprint to the podium.
😭I appreciate the feedback <3
Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though. 
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. 
I was expecting “little boys pants would always be ‘half off’!” But that would be in r/unclejokes
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.
lol, yes. But last time I posted, a lot of people were complaining there was no audio. So I mentioned it in title.
Believe me when i say not having a job doesn't change anything. It's an endless nightmare being ostracized from people your whole life.
Good luck buddy!
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
That's the best thing about free will, you don't need an excuse.
Ugh sucker punch
Apart from the flashy plating, it's probably the most famous dutch restaurant and has 3 Michelin stars. I hope they don't serve mediocre food there
he's interested. maybe text him explaining what you're telling us just more concise
Bitch right!
"""There's always a bigger fuckup."""
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.
This chick is a lunatic now
It bothers me that he doesn’t respond to your texts. That’s weird
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible 
Eww that would mean creating a facebook account.
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh
I laughed at this
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!
This is one of the most entertaining posts I've seen in a long time. Got a little adrenaline surge when he jumped. Wow.
Yeah cheers. Hoping it's gonna be better. Happy early new year to you too.
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.
That last paragraph before the edit lmao. So fake it hurts.
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound
Lovely. You enjoy that train of thought lad.
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...
The man comes around
Fucking coward.
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.
Absolutely terrible. But wholesome aswell.
So we're the 2nd richest team.
[NAME] have been doing this a while and it rarely works.
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable. 
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.
This is my favorite reddit conversation I’ve seen in a while
Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.
Never heard of high app but will look now!! Thanks for posting peeps!
I’ll keep the fruits of my labor and my firearms thanks for the cute ideas though, sounds nice til it’s you in the breadline 
You're right and I hate it.
Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.
By pushing misleading and false information, your agenda is dividing [NAME].
Love you, [NAME]
eh, it has its ups and downs. 
I’m from Oklahoma City. Not a small city, but a few of his patients are from there.
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of ""The Good Place"" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. "
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.
Lindt don’t fuck about
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.
No I think he just meant that losing half of your shit should at least move the needle a little lol
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂
If it makes you feel better they'll probably move back a few times
I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.
You need to talk to her openly about this... without shaming her. She’s being open and honest with you. Your turn.
How about we don't swear on medieval religions at all, thanks
Pikachu shocked.jpg I hope we give him a fair chance and he succeeds
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.
Foundation by [NAME] is a great short read.
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.
It's hard to try to evaluate yourself, but I appreciate you trying.
at this point if you couldnt figure out that most [NAME] here dont actually support [NAME], you must have some problems
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.
We need the pen kid to drop a beat to this.
"Yeah, I was like ""man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship
Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.
So glad for him, he's such a good man and deserves everything good 
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.
you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..
Obviously a degree in veterinary medicine, in case Mr [NAME] has the sniffles
Good god there’s so many cheapskates here trying to justify it by insulting me! Pretty funny tbh
lmao she WHAT
happy cake day
Thank you I hate it
Forgot he had been sent down and was really confused, but happy about this post.
Lol, exactly what a failure would say.
Get off my property
I think it’s impressive. It’s actually fairly difficult to be that slick for that long.
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!
I cannot sadly, good luck though.
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]
Punchy is Life <3
Exactly. That's why I'm watching his videos as well. ;)
Saw [NAME] of Big Bang Theory many years ago without makeup and she looked awful, and that was when she was pretty
I hate this arm swing thing. Either try to sync up or just stop doing it.
I'm a girl and got the belt for doing something similar with another girl.
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.
OH SUCK ME SIDEWAYS
No problem, it warms my heart to help slower people understand things.
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.
Look at that subtle colouring. The tasteful thickness. Oh my [NAME]. It even has a watermark.
TL;DR No more Superbowls for [NAME]. Get ready for another winning season that ends in disappointment.
Thank you for reminding me!
I'm glad you're doing a bit better. Sorry about your grandma. Good luck.
Lmao this is excessive
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here
I'm watching it for the first time now. He's perfect for the role lol [NAME] is a god to me now
"Yeah, the golden nugget is ""Get over yourself and let him back in, he made a (small) mistake"""
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.
I love this passive aggressiveness!!
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.
I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.
My fault, I jumped to a conclusion. I forgot that savanna cats are spotted not leopard print.
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel
I'd love [NAME] to smash some faces in.
Damn that must feel great!
but he got a chainsaw hand. that's pretty cool
“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”
Good to know, and it gladdens my heart to hear you're all right! <3 
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(
Forthwith this group will remain unnamed, verily so that we might avoid bringing ire upon ourselves for a simple observation.
It was great, and it still is.
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!
this kid is really good
I accidentally drop acid all the time. It's pretty commonplace, from what I hear. Just hang out at home.
[NAME] cares like a father incredible
You're welcome!
No. You are not.
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!
Nice Map. I love the fact line 6 is pinkish red rather than silver
Every time I see a something like, 'thanks for nothing, [NAME],' I mentally apologize to her, lol. 
I have never seen a dog more excited than when a sled dog is about to go to work.
So cute!!!!!!!!!!
I love her
Oh no! Poor dude!
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.
Glad to see people actively calling out yet another asshole on here pretending to want to help people. Good show!
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.
So its not mum and dad then.
Maybe they are just horrible people, and because you aren't like them they don't like you. 
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.
I had to look those up.lol. That's awesome. Do you make money by doing so or just pure hobby?
Lmao That’s a blatant lie, ~1000 people were killed by American cops last year compared to 52 cops killed by civilians 
These are good ideas, thank you so much.
"FS haha you are some guy. >""Not even the [NAME]"" Purely hyperbolic i imagine ;)"
Those on the right are oddly easy to convert at times. Good luck.
The game is pretty fun with items tho. Just obviously too random for esports
I compleatly get it. It makes me not trust people over the littlest things.
I hear lobsters are great
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. 
"...if there is a way to edit this to ""original content"" I'd love some coaching on that. Thanks folks! "
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.
Because sloppy seconds is a childish concept and I dont see bargain basement girls.
That song was epic live
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit
this made my day/night. thank you
Watched Split. Good but got a little spooked. Unbreakable last night, Glass tomorrow hopefully
This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy. 
I found an understanding of [NAME] degrees of belief and updated probability extremely clarifying
That's this whole sub lol
Bro, pay attention. I know you guys aren't known for that, but this is not a centrist sub. For [NAME] sake read for one
She doesnt mind! I'm her favorite person!
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.
And there I was blaming the poor black lads
[NAME] I hope that isn’t the release date. I’m holding out for 12am EST 🤞
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine. 
i would feel really uneasy knowing i can never visit other countries, i think i would rather have the 50K
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.
You sound like a great Dad and husband to me. Hang in there.
That Moment when you suddenly find yourself in a 3 minute starring contest
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar
Where are [NAME] and [NAME]??? Time to kick some butts!
Thanks, you’re right. I should delete the app. 
Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles. 
I want this poster so bad.
As long as [NAME] isn’t a judge again, we can be optimistic
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].
Holy shit.
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)
Left beer outside so I could make a cool picture for reddit. Please give karma.
Oh [NAME] is serious about trying to win this game huh
Hmm it seems fun enough to build on my own but thanks!!!
You have just been r/woooshed
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.
And then the rest of that thread devolves into [NAME] supporters arguing against and downvoting anyone who disagrees with the wall or hates [NAME].
Jokes on you. I have anxiety so I do this a lot
As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.
Lmao that guy is awesome. You know he probably just found his new hobby.
I can’t tell if you got the joke or not hahaha
I’m a millennial and my mortgage payment only takes about 1/5 of my after tax earnings in a month. Feels so good.
because [NAME] awesome.
I believe so. Not 100% but safe to assume since they a USA based company
Ah, our primary investigator picks another hole with his salt mining tools. Well done.
I wish I could get 9 usd per hour in my job. (not American).
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. 
Too bad =(
This should be interesting...
Just happened to me lol
Cursed image.
"Look, its a great study, but youve said ""Women arent as disadvantaged"" on the internet. Rip your karma."
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.
Hopefully [NAME] falls to 6. [NAME] can start the season and when the time is right move on over to the rookie
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.
Wow your metaphor is way better than the similar one I just wrote elsewhere in this thread. I'm going to have to steal it.
Really feeling you today.
Happy Cake Day Ph_Dank! Today is your day. Dance with fairies, ride a unicorn, swim with mermaids, and chase rainbows.
This is actually really sweet... 46 g of sugar per tattoo sweet
Oh he'd be far too attractive lol He's southern anyway, would still need to put on an accent 
Cheers. Never heard of any of them. Kids will do that to you...
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. 
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there
Why is she the absolute worst
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!
Haha good point
Now I just want to see every scene with [NAME] in it with [NAME] following him around playing the theme.
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. 
Sex lesson for a 28 year old oh god, but I see the point you’re tryin make and I’ll try it! 
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it
Sick of that stupid floss dance
Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.
Suffice it to say, I understand why you want to build one, although I disagree with both the solution and how you arrived at the conclusion. 
I’m excited!
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...
A whale would probably choke to death if it tried to swallow you.
I feel shot in the heart.
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.
sounds good, take care & stay safe loves💕
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...
Omg creepy!
in a free society you'd never know if a woman had an abortion, so there's that.
Boy, I literally didn't expect anyone to respond to this. Thanks, internet! I feel a tiny bit less alone.
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence""."
You need to look in the mirror if you going to say that [NAME] is overrated yet want to trade him for scrubs like Dedmon
It seems like good advice.
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly
Looks very dry
Haha! I was right :D.
No matter which you pick ([NAME] or [NAME]) the dance and the date scenes were great. It genuinely makes me happy seeing [NAME] happy.
Liberal Grandma best Grandma.
Wow, this is beyond fascinating.
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.
Happy cake day :)
Thanks again.
this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.
Im not in a hurry, its my goal for brawlhalla. But after hearing how many hours people have, its gonna be a long journey
Thank you - you may call me daddy.
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged 
It was great but above everything else... It makes me happy to see [NAME] at the top. Werk.
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break
Happy cake day bot!!
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set
yeah i heard the therm used before but not in the same context as this one.But here it just makes me burst out laughing
Fast as [NAME] will carry me. Seriously uptown to downtown via Claiborne or broad isn’t that bad
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
Thanks [NAME] for moderating, I appreciate the hard work you guys do!
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon 
Thanks now I want a subway!
So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃
I did it. Lol.
I like it
[NAME] nerds thinking they are cool by assigning some bullshit fantasy words to error messages...theater mode is probably just acting up
But that jumper looks hella cosy
The secondhand panic and embarrassment I feel from this is astounding
Mail Call, great show, have all of 'em preserved for history. RIP
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning ""god"" would actually bless you lol but thx "
Best of luck
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.
One elite run stopper please thanks
You weren’t here for the original wording but thanks for playing.
it is adorable that you think that
Why him* Having a healthy sex drive isn't a problem.
I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.
A drummer's MC is the best MC
Welcome to post-truth politics.
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂
He believed Ireland had a right to exist, he just didn’t believe in the way the IRA(1919-1921) went about their business. 
That would be a hoot wouldn't it? Thank you!!
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious
Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️
new genders about to drop doesn’t strike me as a bad joke tbh.
Pretty much. Him and [NAME] will share ball handling duties. Point Lance and Point Outlaw in the house
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now
You’re gonna be the best dad ever!
Strawberry lemonade by ziip pods is the best I've ever tasted.
Holy shit, that's great!
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes
enjoy it and happy New Year!! I was at the cheesecake factory yesterday with one of my kids.. had a blast
> The makeup is very technically sound You have a point. I can hear it from here.
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed
False. Drop bears.
Wooow! Thank you! Amazing
Congrats!! If you don’t mind me asking: what country?
Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.
I'm so glad [NAME] is better looking than how he's depicted in UFC EA 3
If you need to vent or anything, let me know. I'd be glad to chat or even just listen, whatever helps. Stay strong!
I didn't read that but so what?
I’m here,it’s tough but I’m here.
Pharmacy residencies started that in 2017 and honestly it makes the process so much better for both candidates and applicants.
Oh look another shit call
He came flying out of nowhere for that. I was impressed.
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones
I actually have the complete collection so I can play any of them when I want to!
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.
thanks for your help, it looks like i'm just gonna have to use the ole noggin for this project
Free with a price of $600+ if you want full standard collection or maybe $300+ if you grind with no life. What a deal!
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG
"This is stupid, if it is ""standard"" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared? "
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
I like it A LOT.
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off
I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”
I did not know that. Thanks!
Texas, I'm really just mad at myself for not double checking. But now I have a year to find something better
Really wow, what a steal
What's the Pi IPcam you set up? Link? Sounds interesting.
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!
Crazy how [NAME] put out his first album at the tender age of 1
Please concentrate on ignoring that hateful troll
[NAME], I had. It *was* a repressed memory, thanks.
This is scary.
Love this. Thanks for sharing.
Oh, no wonder I like her so much!
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.
Thank you new best friend.
Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.
Thank you so much! ♥️
Don't be afraid to go through therapy.
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!
They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].
"""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny""."
"[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG ""Fuck this character fuck this stupid game"" king. "
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous
Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.
Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.
Happy cake day
The problem is that people cannot differentiate between a necessary and a sufficient condition.
Oh lol, source? Just interested to see what changed his mind
That goat is a bro I'd prolly try to buy him for where ever he came from
Bro, put water in the microwave and see what happens, we're like 70% that shit
The important thing is that you're having fun
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.
Watch the movie. Its worth it
Love this! I follow interior designers, natgeo, and Better Homes and Gardens lol. It gives me decorating and baking inspo! No guilt or comparing.
Love the [NAME]
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.
Ayyy you're welcome! x)
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok
I'm sure HMB Barbers at Nundah village will look after you
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.
He's practicing difficult shots too much thus loosing a feeling for easy ones.....
I find this super relateable, I had no idea others felt the same way. 
Wow this is pretty interesting. We should have a thread about what's it like to grow up in a polygamous household
OK. That is really weird.
As one of the greatest Presidents of our time, who stared down globalist trash and made them blink.
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.
It’s nice to look at the comments and see other people who don’t like this.
That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol
You’re good, no worries
Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.
As a biologist lol. What about hermaphrodites?
No, he controlled the match. He had to be dialed in the whole time and he was.
"Thanks to me, my grandma now refers to to [NAME] as ""the lizard""."
"It's ironic that those who most strongly embrace TSSC and other churches are so often utterly lacking in any level of true ""faith."""
KAT doesn't play defense lol
I used them too, did a great job but they were super expensive.
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell ""Dwig***H***t""."
The players turning on him for crying story cracked me up though.
THANK YOU! I'm back on planet Earth
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.
funny
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.
The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh
This is absolutely the stupidest mock I've seen this year
That makes a lot of sense. I wish I knew how to stop myself from doing it tho
Wow, I didn't know that was happening. Thanks for the information!
It's to save you the hassle of scooping the brains from the ground
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...
I'm not a jealous person. That's not an emotion that comes naturally to me. I wouldn't try to cultivate it or maintain it.
Double barrel Pink eye. Awesome.
Awesome! Thanks a lot. Brings back memories
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
IMO, he was an asshat during the tell all, too. He was all about wanting [NAME] to thank and respect him post C section.
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it
Oh good. It's nice to see confirmation that you're actually trolling, because no one is that stupid 
I'm so sorry. You can do this. Just remember YOU are a person who is worthy of love and respect.
Just a quick correction: if the next tax bracket is 10% than $10001 would be taxed $500.10
Imagine the baby being retarded
I love you tooooo!!
Just remember we’re all silly looking, gangly monkey things living on a rock floating through nothing, all trying to be cool. Have fun
Wasn't me I'm the defensive [NAME]. But trust me we were all equally confused, and delighted.
Sorry I now see how that was unclear, I mean being a unicorn on the internet by admitting you may have been wrong 
 goat handshake denied Personally, I just think [NAME] was scared of touching such a relic as is [NAME] hand
[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.
*[when your pet is still barking at you]* I'm done trying to convince you.
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
No? This is literally saying that a wall would be useless, unless you also wanna build 40-50 feet beneath the ground.
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.
I’m not an Aub man. Check the flair.
Me neither. It's more silly than anything else imo
Last couple countries that tried that got destroyed by international communists.
Congrats dude! Can you give us a quick tl;dw?
Today I wish I were a black bear.
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.
I have been saying this for a long time, he is way overpaid and the forward position is our main weakness since [NAME] left. 
PLACE THE DEVICE ON HER HEAD HA HA HA TIME TO DIE
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.
That poor janitor.
She talks about him getting some manners... She's the only without manners... and she should've gotten kicked off...
Gettysburg is awesome, I've been twice. I want to go back as an adult! Have fun!
Funny how reddit works
Glad your SO was helpful and hopefully you are better
Lol no.
we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.
They're both happy though
It's not his job to train you.
Haha, that’s meeee! 
Total funding was the exact same. I would have $1000 more in loans instead of that $1000 being a grant.
That's kind of sad to be honest.
thanks for sharing.
wow just shows how confused **I** was Ftfy Pretty fucking clear as day what was going on here lol I honestly don't know what to tell you
Havent been working for 10 years at this company about 5 now, but i have overall 10 years experience
I was Isla Vista, beautiful and terrible place
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!
Actually a good idea. Starbucks, breakfast sandwiches, donuts... all fine excuses unless you work at one of those places.
That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.
No, just a bastard pastry
Awesome photo, love the bricks in the background and the color suits you chose. Very nice gents! 
I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.
Good work if true!
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old
Sounds like you two have something in common.
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots 
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.
ah good find. I guess I saw some sort of grade 9 class photo then. Cheers.
Lol I get it
Haha I can drink to that! Cheers man!
Get him boys!
No we’re going to use it for penalties decisions, red cards and goals like it’s designed for.
I like were ur head is.
Well one of our leading candidates is [NAME] so it's not like we're killing it in our search either
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.
That's awesome
I like all Star Trek. I hope they end up switching directions now and make new movies that are more about exploration.
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.
a really cool acrylic painting of this same picture!
You did the right thing. You’re not ready to settle down so you stopped wasting her time.
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.
It says I love to make myself laugh
We don't deserves horses
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.
We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain
good job with being proactive with mental health.
I know! If it's going to be that cold I want snow. I think there's a chance next weekend
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/
Hey guys, thanks for tuning in to another video on
"TTs have size limits. The group I was acquainted with had, ahem, ""leadership"" problems as well."
Thanks but not pictured: my 3” heels I usually have to tip toe to kiss the dude🙎🏻‍♀️
You're allowed to me a little mean here, no one will tell lol
I loved [NAME] so much
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.
Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.
Good job [NAME]!
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation 
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry
Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.
More excited about the pick than [NAME], but might be nice outfield depth in time.
How is this cable beneficial to Belgium? Who agreed to this?
This is alternative facts level populism. The man is a liar.
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government
It's not exactly hard to keep track.
I hope Edmonton gets nuked.
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P
You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.
So, so many hugs and high fives! You are an awesome momma. 
I can't stand when a team member has no shoes, the sound drowns out other sounds for me and its just incredibly annoying to listen to all game
Deservedly so too. Tbh I think you must be the favourites.
I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.
There Probly doing this because we’re for sure gonna tank next year as well
Of fucking course it is...
Congrats for coming out 😁😁
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss
I’ll read that, thanks!
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. 
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.
52k upvotes in 2 hours. That's Reddit for you! Congrats, guy!
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
Cool story bro.
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.
Good luck!
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )
I haven't seen any of them, thanks!
That's the worst possible outcome
Which suggests nothing in itself. The same mods you claim are abusive are probably as hyperbolic about the racism issue as you are.
My youngest whispered to me one night that I was as cool as [NAME]
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.
What a beautiful moment
Part cat? Haha his front paws look like cat paws. Such a fluffy boy.
That IS crazy!
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs
Thanks bro. This is do or die for me. Will value my streak like gold.
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good
I remember being 4 and so excited to help pair the socks after they were dried. Kids love being involved.
I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
Oh well... I'll like both of you.
What a journey.
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad
Thank you... I'll try but can't promise anything
Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)
Have a wonderful day.
Oh man this gave me some flashbacks to awesome times playing with my dad
Appreciate you!
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.
TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.
thank you guys!
Fun game. Good expansion too
Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>
Yup, lost a whole train station inside of their houses. Great loss 
You are not to be truffled with!!! Good luck to you!!
I see. Thanks again.
I feel for him..thank [NAME] he has a mother who cares
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
Damn, that's dark
It almost looks like stuff from Japanese Pizza Huts !!
[NAME] vs [NAME] has been a great match... hope [NAME] can give a fight for the fourth set!
Must be a nice feeling...unless UDG is counted.
Yeah dude I like the brown sugar ones a lot, what’s the problem?
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!
You're giving her too much credit.
and she finished that leg of the race without getting eliminated! It was kinda impressive.
I like my coons too
It's got home made bread pudding so therefore the rest has to be good!
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with ""Why don't you just let us do it?"" I would."
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!
I like that!
He’s gonna have a great season
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed
i hope kawhi doesnt step foot outside its cold af today
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].
I’ll be there later this year. Can’t wait.
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually""."
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.
Thanks love <3
And I clapped. So hard.
Sorry, I posted this first but then you said something that I wanted to acknowledge I agreed with.
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]
Thank you! [NAME] is a character that means a lot to me, and it makes me happy that you like my portrayal of her.
Very weird game but will definitely take the W
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest
Really looking forward to Mayeather coming out of retirement for the 5000th time
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything
Thanks. I will come to you with all of my apple-related questions!
Thanks for making me laugh my way into a sinus headache.
Woah, how manly.
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.
No. But that's really interesting. I might start doing that.
In the cap era no goalie has played as much as [NAME] has the last 2 years on a per games basis
This scene was priceless! Trash TV gold.
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...
I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.
Yep. This sub is just being overly reactionary, which surprises no one.
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding
It's great that he was banned and your coworkers helped you out!! :D
That's cute
You guys are horrible. I love it.
Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.
I ASSURE YOU WE'RE OPEN
Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you
Yeah, I don't think [NAME] supporters should use intelligence as a reason to talk down to people. I have watched [NAME] speak. Yikes.
Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell
All my hugs to you. She will have a peaceful end surrounded by people who she loves so much.
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!
I'll kill you.
That's my favorite! It smells so good without being overpowering.
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.
Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible
Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.
That won't happen though. If the pick is that high, we own it!
This is me being hopeful that there’s not one poor soul out there who’s happy that the Wilpons are our owners
> we should ally with them in organization for change lol good luck with that
I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.
Oooooow check it out, HIRED guy. *fist bump*
Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog
Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.
happy to help
It's no coincidence that I became generally happier when I realized that once I covered the necessities more stuff didn't bring more happiness.
Thanks :)
Yeah I hope so! I really love her but I understand too that I can only do so much! Thank you.
We're a community, like it or not. This came from us and we need to hold eachother to a higher standard of behavior.
Nice try, bot!
Are all the people in that thread praising SB2...SB2? They all talk in a similar manner. It's odd.
ME TOO HE IS MY FAVORITE KILLER TO GO UP AGAINST [NAME] FROM NURSE!
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...
Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.
My nuts hurt watching that second part
Don't get the downvotes. I found it funny
The slam final I want, [NAME] vs [NAME]. The slam final we'll get, [NAME] vs [NAME].
Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]
"The millionaire backers of a no deal brexit will lose an awful lot of money if they do. The patsy""s are doing a real good job"
Hate Hate Hate, feels so good.
You make soap? That's awesome.
We have outlets with timers in every parking spot of all households in Finland.
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations
Lol for some reason this made me snort hard. Thank you.
Wow thanks I never knew! I might try to take a tour!
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].
Useful distinction - thank you.
For me it's how much I love canned black beans that take a minute and forty five seconds in the microwave lol.
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.
Congratulations!!! And I hope those people who tried to interfere in your marriage feel very foolish now. How wonderful this is!💕
Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.
Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.
Those subs ... wtf
Those ears...those horrible ears
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]
I am worried about [NAME]. I really hope that his elbow is alright.
Old people sure do love their cable news history
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.
Yep.... Have fun
Easy money, thank you [NAME]
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil. 
While lifting, loving yourself, and just being confident bro. 
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance
That would be awesome
It still seems Fairy popular, I might get it. Thanks for the tip!
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool
No. This simply is not the case
good one. 2 one liners so far.
Lucrative. I like it.
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.
When are people going to learn that it's OK to cheer lead dance in front of an old misogynist lol
Idealogues are annoying.
There's a difference between rights and law. Stop conflating the two.
Weird flex, but ok
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen
Ew her text is touching her photo, what a slut
Hes been amazing, so good I've pondered about playing a 442 with [NAME] and him in the middle
True only it's much harder to hide real property than it is to hide cash.
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!
Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.
Not anymore it seems.
"""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."""
Such a beautiful cinematic shot.
PowerPoint would be nice
I would feel similarly, but I would be more gleeful and less guilty. 
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!
after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him
He’s still right. Doortrash sucks
It does lol If you delete it off your phone it wouldn’t trace your estimated location unless it’s active on it
It's so simple. Problem solved.
I am sports entertained.
This gave me ultimate anxiety
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.
He is a moron.
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?
She doesn’t deserve the hate. That mug, ladies and gentlemen, is phenomenal
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL
[NAME] AND [NAME] ARE SO GOOD AT DRAWING FOULS ON 3'S
Yaaaay!!
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!
I actually should do that.....
Can I start getting excited for [NAME] yet
lol, dude. I don't know, but thank you. they might don't care but you do care. So I'm not much more loser.
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(
[NAME] and [NAME] are the only reason to tune in at this point. Happy birthday!
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
If you have to ask you're too uncool to be allowed in.
It's good to know that I'm not the only one lol
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.
It would do us ALL a great deal of good.
"He looks great in ""Ideal Home""."
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.
I want him to change and realize he messed up and he needs to do better
Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.
for a moment i got scared and wondered what was this doing here then i read the happy ending
true... good luck! You're doing the right thing.
...And what's impressive is she managed to sell two internets before she was so rudely interrupted...maybe your Land Lady should consider telemarketing. :P
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.
Not that surprising, but *very* exciting to see! Here’s hoping Syria reclaims its place as a major regional industrial and commercial center!
He's so handsome
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity 
This is pretty worrying and makes me wonder why she can’t. That’s not normal.
Closing in on $300,000 now, this stream is incredible.
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?
If people were downvoting due to the perceived insensitivity of it, then I guess I understand. 
I've got my sticker peeled off, nasty desperate notes left on the windshield, driver door..
That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically
Stop texting him until you meet him. What if he is weird, creepy, not your type etc. 
This is too cute :)
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.
I love this
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!! 
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD
Yes my mother is ok with it.
I hope G2 such a great org
But once again that is a problem with the people. So many just attack the people who disagree instead of the arguments.
I hope things get better soon. I'm proud of you for getting help and talking about it and wish you the best
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah. 
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly) 
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.
Now I remember, you're an OC student. This sub tells me you're brilliant...
Happy Cake Day! I, too, have been a victim of cake.
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction
How’d you get out there? I miss the west. Love NYC tho
No fuck that guy. I'm actually relived he was shot. Sounds like a sack of human garbage
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]
Your artwork is amazing.
"Thanks and what even mean ""nobs""? "
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.
I've seen some unfunny comment sections on r/jokes but this one takes the cake.
Sounds great! Thanks!
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. 
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.
"""Highline poles""; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. "
"I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like ""look what you did"""
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia
Thanks for the link. She actually likes some of the stuff!
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.
Haha I was just thinking that. You've become a very diverse club. The Hobart Darwin Tigers. Training facility in Wagga.
Yes, we did.
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar
As a once very sick kid, I thank all you pediatric RN's out there for what you do and your compassion while doing it. 
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.
You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting
Good looking calamari.
Thousands of people born every single day! But mine? Mine's a god damned miracle!
Turn undead is once per short rest, you can’t make use of it frequently, no wonder the dm was frustrated
I hope all the best for you. Keep posting in this sub when you need help, but always run it by your physician/therapist before taking any advice 
I *want* to like R&M but people are making it really difficult
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!
Happy birthday 🎂!!
My favorite kind of post
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
I admire the prep and just hope the other guy is ok. Best one in ages..
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.
Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range
"I reject that [NAME] can't defend. Now his legs being gone, that might ""have legs"" "
[NAME] did that to [NAME] and let's just say that didn't end to well for anyone
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰
Don't be, this is funny. I love it when [NAME] shows his emotions.
Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion 
[NAME] lost her guitar canonically
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit? 
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. 
I think the mushroom photos are a joke about his penis.......
I believe furloughed feds still have health insurance benefits so you're not wrong on that PSA.
U dumb.
He could run for President of the US and WIN!
[NAME] after he declares he loves playing Fortnite, wants to play with his brother no matter what and loves Vancouver. 
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)
Ok but wouldnt that make me seem like a loser? Idek how to take good selfies or even where. Obviously not the bathroom right?
Definitely not a dead human body. He’s probably just a weird dude that has some weird thing in his room that smells terrible.
this is the best thread ever i s2g
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af
This was such a pleasure to watch. I wish more episodes were like Brianne.
I love this trend.
"If you have to ask ""how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics"" then you are clearly not ready."
This is hilarious! Sounds similar to my buddy's experience at his gym in CoHeights!
Me too. Book of Abraham is such a headache for the church. They would love to get rid of it I am sure.
Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout 
This one is by [NAME]! Your suggestion was funny to me, and you've been blessed with your joke being DR Onion #20!
"That's a funny way of spelling ""Don't make me feel bad about my bad choices"""
Oh gosh it's on the website too.... Here we go
[NAME] can still betabuxx and have an easier life than you will if you have to be alone and support yourself with no help.
Come on I think he’s funny!
"Oh boy.. ""The Beginner's Guide"" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days.."
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve
Good luck to him.
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.
But he was so *hurt* when [NAME] acknowledged that homosexuality is a sin.
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail
i say no or in da club if they come to damce with me i walk away
Replace that friend with a whole pile of desillusioned friends and you might as well @me
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!
Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!
"I just want to note that ""Live Photo"" is something how I'd expect [NAME] describe a video."
Except... that's exactly what I was taught in [RELIGION] school. One god, theee aspects.
Love it!
I dont disagree with taking the first steps, I just wish we would be even more ambitious. 
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago
Such a good one
Makes it even better that a multi millionaire successful pro athlete is shitting on him [NAME] damn I love me some sweet twitter roasting
wow bailed tf out
Fuck why didn’t I think of that
Same philosophy makes women stay with men who beat them daily
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels
Ok guys I'll watch it. When I finish it I'll tell y'all what I think
I did rank them above protista.
Wow crazy. Proud of her
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!
STOP GETTING BEAT WHEN YOU HAVE THE ADVANTAGE!
as someone who dealt with a burn out/mental break down 4 years ago, /s/ this post makes me feel very optimistic about the future /s/
You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.
"But terrible people is my ""type"""
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.
Poor cat.
Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward 
I like Kate spade
Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past
Ok sure that’s a nice unfounded opinion you’ve got there. Unless you’ve been in one in which case wow sorry
Aw man this isn't bad, and they're so proud of it. I could imagine them selling a variety of these, people love quirky jewelry.
Omg yes lol
Look at CBG as well. It's got anti inflammatory properties. Wifey feels its the best medicine for her cramps.
Oh lol. Thanks for the clarification. I just thought that’s the texture of the tongue.
Damn it, I only have 6 comments on this sub, I don’t qualify😞
Yes, good for Destiny and Bungie, I wonder if they will return to Microsoft, remain independent or sign with another company.
because my dogs wouldst know why I left. gotta give that little floof ball the best life he can have
I only watched the clip someone posted last week, but I found [NAME] funnier.
I love your username
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly
I’m anti theist. That’s as supportive as I could have gotten. Haha
> when Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
[NAME] lmao
That is awesome to know. I’m moving back to Chicago in August.
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.
ok thanks alot :), just extremely weird VAC bans are less harsh than throwing for Skins. lol
special for you my dude :)
why not? standing to me isn’t as everything i need is on the floor lol
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along
Brother I desire your honey
That's really interesting. How come?
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this
I just got got and I like it
This is very deceptive. If you haven't read it, this article is great! The Deceptive Income of Physicians
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.
honestly this made me smile like an idiot on the subway, thank you.
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!
I remember your story. Like you, I'm not as active. And also like you, I try and come back and give folks here hope.
Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]
I love cowboy.
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover 
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred
as someone who doesn't wear a kippa at work out of concern for these things happening....what was being said? And thank you for standing up.
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!
No, this was pretty expected
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries
That shit really just made my night. Haha
It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know
[NAME] will end up owning all these untouchable records and I hope they don’t get broken for generations
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY
I like it
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. 
You started over at 46? Wow. You are badass. You give me hope that if I finally had to, I could do it.
How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.
Now if only America would do this
where’s that tashy bastard
You used the correct term. Good job.
he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.
Super, thanks
We are like the douchebusters!
[NAME] damn you're dedicated.
No. That is creepy and weird. If you don’t trust her .... move on.
So obvious you got downvoted 40 times, ok!
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. 
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.
Its fun to draw in an empty space.
I feel you. It's weird that we don't see [NAME] or [NAME] in the promotional stuff though.
You are correct. I was mistaken. My apologies. I appreciate the correction.
I'm so sorry. Hang in there.
I really hope your marriage is healed and can become stronger than ever.
love that the block against AZ is in this. what a year for Kittle.
As a [NAME] this makes me proud.
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much
That’s hard-boiled. This is the secret weapon we’ve been waiting for. You are a god-damned hero. 🎖
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊
Look at you, this is excellent. 👏🏻 I really love this. 
And in the case of human trafficking, these people we should be given homes and protection instead of being tossed out to be abused in their home country
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.
Hopefully with in this day and age where there ar rapid technology improvements, this child will be able to live at least a semi normal life
Lovely day we're having.
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.
Hands down one of my favourite VA's and a main reason I go FemShep or play games she's in.
At least [NAME] gave us entertainment
already exposed when h2k went 2-16. Sure they didn't have the best players, but going 2-16 means the coaching staff should also shoulder the blame.
This guy gets it...
I feel the same man. Keep going bro!
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.
Now everyone is going to know that you didn't waste your time scrolling through tumblr looking for funny blogs to screenshot!
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period
Oh god I thought he career was long over
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. 
^ I find both creepy tbh.
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.
I love my state sometimes
Banned or moved to different platforms mostly. Never were that many and those that did post here had trouble following the rules and were downvoted heavily.
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s
ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.
This is actually funny
I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.
Aw thank you! Glad you enjoyed it :)
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.
It’s totally my hardest game, too! Congrats to us all! :)
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.
What a creepy mc creeperson. I hope he doesn't continue to try to contact you.
We are fighting for their autonomy, which is why we're fighting hard for them to be born first.
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.
His team is chasing away any hope at a playoff berth
I fucking love New Years day with the Hawks playing in the Winter Classic
Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho
Ya well if I have a daughter I hope my husband doesn’t have these excessively weirdo and aberrant aspirations for her. Smh
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. 
Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.
Honestly, I have a hard time sleeping in socks. The fuzzy ones are the worst because they slide around on my feet.
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.
"They could have checkmated the ""journalists"" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work."
I dont believe you
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase 
Yeah, this has been posted here before, but it's a great video. I have it saved to a YT playlist for repeated viewings and lols
But those other jobs are what allow the engine of US imperialism to keep running, and keep destroying innocent people's lives all around the world. 
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.
I think that making someone an approved submitter might get around that. Not 100% sure though.
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf
That's...kinda...why...i...used...the....phrase.
Aww, look at you still wearing your hospital bracelets even. 
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong
Omg yes feels like being new born.
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.
Agreed, probs an older brother. Source: am an older brother
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.
I agree. You’ll need to ask the school when you interview.
Wow.....
That’s awesome, wonder if it’s available to buy on eBay. 
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+
"It's pretty stupid honestly. [NAME] clearly pointed a bug and people are saying ""oh, it's a feature"". ...seriously now."
Yeah that is the consensus I got for sure. Looking for a new place to live lol
"What ""same thing""? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while."
That was a beautiful shirt
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!
Yes! Love me rotties!
[NAME] is there anything more depressing than being in a leafs gdt when the leafs are losing.
Start an initiative to take away cops guns since you feel so strongly about it
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies. 
I looked this person up. She’s a real doctor
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. 
"""I like it when you x"", ""can you try doing y?"" - focus on positive and giving advice"
I agree 😊
Its great that redditors who bicker over different topics can come together for a laugh
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.
The person he marries is going to be murdered by him
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.
That's how Catholicism works.
That's a very smart move. Anyway, congrats gamer girl, this is epic!
[NAME] line of drool made me very happy I waited to watch this til I was eating dinner i love the power hour so much
Another church stolen from us. That’s okay, we will get it back in the great Deus Vulting. 
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂
Thank-you very much, your comment is greatly appreciate.
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.
Thanks for the info! Safe scooting.
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.
Then you should probably get out more.
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!
dear... husband
You’re killing me. Let a brotha know next time lol
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.
Perfect. Thanks!
I’m from Ocean County and I don’t enjoy admitting you’re right.
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.
Thank you 🙏
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.
Funny because I only owe 20k... I guess no one told these kids community college exists.
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.
Finally something nice
THAT DOES IT!
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...
Thank you.
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN
Lol just watched this episode
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.
Audio version as well.
He's an adorable person.
alright, i'll be the one to say it. the tongue looks like an orange penis, congrats
I hope it heals well! I will bring out the Oww Mah Layg dancers to encourage healing and positive energy to help you and cheer you on! 🎶💃Oww💃Mah💃Layg💃🎶
"It's called ""Duper's delight"". You see it frequently in sociopaths like serial killers, or politicians, or both, like [NAME]."
Thank you for this video
Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.
i also love this one
I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.
I totally agree and I think this was suggested before as well
This might actually be one of the few cases where parallel poly will make sense, then ^^
Yeah, I killed this post. Reddit is a great place and I'm glad I made my suggestion here.
I don't like sleeping in the couch :(
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.
Flat out getting our ass kicked. Gotta give it to Memphis, they have just shut us down
at first I thought this was a JWong diss thread lol
I'm not sure I would be happy to live in hk for 5 years lmbo
My vote... snow will mainly be in the mountains. Good thing to help with the summer drought.
Not gonna lie. Sucked out a few, but am really trying to analyze my play afterwards. Thanks!
Lol i highly doubt it. A third grader did that photoshop job
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.
No. And not near as much as a gun lol
Makes sense, thanks!
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]
It's a shame that anyone has to deal with that sort of feeling. I'm sorry that you had a similar experience. No one deserves that.
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.
GOAT FLAP. Thank you! I am in the middle of hormones right now.
This is my favorite picture in this sub
Well that just sounds delightful. Where was the exchange?
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!
Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation
"All that condescension to spell ""capitulate"" wrong. Shame."
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person
Wait so the aboleth only kills you if you dont do what the dm says
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk
It gave me a laugh. xD
For 3 months so far. I’m not sure because I never had any successful withdrawals yet.
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!
Thanks mr bot
Cool. Good call on the passport. Our plan is to make a stop on the way from thr airport. Im suee some are open late.
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.
As long as the ink isn’t on a contract, I don’t listen to any rumors. Waste of time
I'm so uncomfortable.
Not incel related
That actually looks so fire
That must have bean awesome to find those
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.
Lmao. Dude, I was thinking the exact same thing. 
"He had to say, ""But alas"" which makes this soo funny."
I'm sorry to hear, come see me when you die.
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.
I love it. :D
Wow your post history is toxic.
Shhhhh you are devastating their argument. You might trigger them. It’s the only trigger they love.
Ooof girl...I thought this was satire at first it was so cringe.
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening
Hahaha, that's a good one. 
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source. 
Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.
Couldn't have said it better myself
You sound upset. Maybe take a break, kiddo. Everyone knows [NAME] wouldn't answer the bell anyhow. Just proved it.
the pharma part killed me
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.
[NAME] insulting his fanbase has literally been a hallmark of his persona from the beginning of barstool
Cheers for that!
What a great response!!
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.
Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.
Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.
Same! Makes me want to hug them and feed them milk.
You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.
[NAME] I hope this permanent.
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.
That fact that sub has so many subscribers hahahahaha
DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected. 
I see - thank you for the insight.
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.
Of course! You deserve the recognition and exposure. Your work is extremely comforting !
Yeah I could not even do that I could not move my leg to the side
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.
this actually made me LOL, thanks
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that
Hahah, it's all good now since I've got a mouse now
Well that escalated quickly.
This is very uplifting! Had very similar experiences with my wife's family. Thank you for sharing!
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.
Way too tired for work today so taking the day off. Feels pretty great!
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.
Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.
I feel you girl
missed a good chance to copy the one the UNC football player wrote a few years ago for an A-
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.
Oh you just love to see that
Oh fucking come on
A lovely bronze age mud hut, it's a British tradition.
Thank you this is really inspirational
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked
"I guess we didn't truly ""match"" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility."
I love the burn
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.
The QB said they loved it
I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it
Yeah, I mean we’re all just in their wake over here. I’m humbled.
Like I said you are right about everything. don't call 911 ever they aren't showing up unless you have a credit card. good luck
Sounds epic man
Thanks! Oh my god, what a great interview. The man absolutely loves Winnipeg.
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.
That looks like total garbage.
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace
Same truly adds to making La Liga the great league it is.
Great tag :)
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.
If you’ve never been to DSA you’d be surprised by how many amazing, smart people you’ll meet. 
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.
He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.
That is disgusting. And not one parent thought that was a *bit* inappropriate? smh
Ohh it gets even more interesting:
"I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably ""accudentally"" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch."
yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there
" ""If you don't wear BROWN AND ORANGE...YOU DON'T MATTER!"" We need a tshirt with that on it asap! "
Seriously. A lot of small businesses especially rely on federal work. I hope this gets solved soon.
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].
hes doing it for his kid
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)
Stay strong and keep going. Chiche but true : living well is the best revenge .
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good
GT: LAMZY GG - don't do missions that much unless I need to farm meat but I'll add for the additional mission contact 👌👌
Can't even do that anymore :(
Its weird because I didn’t say “house cat” I just said “cat” yet you felt the need to correct me.
The internationalist EU. The [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are just brimming with all that international SOLIDARITY ❤️
Megagrindr, and I love it.
Get one. I love mine.
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is
"Search the subreddit for ""team history."" We get this question time to time and there's already a bunch of info there."
[NAME] !!!
The intro in that video looks like a sand storm on there, imagine a sand storm while playing GA on that map, it would be awesome!
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!
ah. I see :) Still brave of you.
Happy to- good luck!
Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy. 
Over 9000 IQ Tracer. Cheers love.
I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.
Very well put
That's awesome, good for you! This sub needs wayyy more posts like this. 
Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure
I love the logic of a better cheaper more reliable service comes along, so let's block the roads and highways that will make people love us LOL
Wow! Never thought of it this way but that's a REALLY good point.
It was an honor just to be nominated. Being a runner-up is a dream come true ( I keep my dreams realistic and attainable).
There's not enough salt in the world for her!
Haha well thank you so much! You've been the only person to say that
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. 
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's
Oh man, you got me there with the image
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.
That chick at the end. She just gets sucked onto the floor by pure sexual magnetism. 😂
Lol at the self-own of thinking “literally” is a “big word”, with a cherry of being too stupid to understand the context on top.
I may be mistaken but I believe it’s illegal to fly over the north and south poles for any aviator
Start acting mature. Don't get into fights with security guards about how you look.
I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.
I like Tom and Kato.
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.
I think the number seems plausible, but I don't see why the number matters - elaborated here.
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.
Nah u mad lol
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.
Awesome. Thank you so much!
nah he only had one good year really
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.
Fuck it; just marry everyone
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?
somebody's sad lol lol
Smoking is nasty.
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...
Don't date broke/jobless women. I have a job and I always offer to pay the bill or split.
That's awesome. I never realized it was attributed to [NAME], though.
Shhh bb it'll be ok
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)
You seem horrible
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).
I just can’t. I love you [NAME], thanks for the laughs always x 
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk. 
Well said.
Good lord I can only hope so. Time will have to tell.
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.
Ok maybe I should watch Tangled
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. 
Luckily every elevator would be broken at all times.
Thanks. I'll go as soon as I can.
Your attempts to belittle me show only more insecurities on your part.
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger
Resting up after a furious weekend of #MAGAboys hate. A xer has needs for xedz beauty rest
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos
Now I really hope he spends a few days meditating on music and then gets back to us on his insights regarding Giant Steps by [NAME].
This picture is as old as Tinder. OP is probably a dog for all we know.
Interesting, thanks!
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.
[NAME] office just denied it
Everyone was fine so I guess it’s okay
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy
Prayers for Dipo you guys. Just had a gruesome injury
Very nice!! I love your art! What journal is this? I love the texture on the pages.
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol
I don't have a problem with this if their hands are clean.
I appreciate everyone on this sub
Just so you know, I think the other responder is a nut & you were right the 1st time!
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.
Thank you. 😀
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol
Nice try..Hulu exec.
Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.
I did anyway hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahaa fucking rekt XD
Well that sucks
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. 
And if that's the case then there is no helping him. It sucks that those people can't be helped
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3
That's gonna be a no from me dawg
How many wins do you got like 200 lol
Just save and reload. I doubt that when you reload you gonna stuck again.
Poor [NAME] doesn't deserve that!
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.
wow that's dark
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the discussion
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.
Addressed this elsewhere but I was mistaken. Thanks for the correction.
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.
Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot
Also dont have to worry about ramos and robles walking in runs to lose games
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!
"""it doesn't count if you're drunk""? Wow.. Imagine that being used as an excuse in other situations."
I saw the video and liked it, but I should say: Man, you almost make me dizzy by moving your head that much. 😀😀
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks
From where I was it looked like the plane banked right past the 505 on its second pass through downtown. Crazy.
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
Fuck I laughed at this post :D You better stick to your words and make sure to Tag every BF:V Dev.
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.
Looks sick actually.
I laughed. But I'm really not sure if I should upvote.
Clever!!!
I wish I could make a garden
That what a highlight reel moment that will be played for years and years. That game is on my rotation of games. Great game all around.
I’m not really serious I just think it’s kind of funny
Destroying the unrighteous to save the righteous is a righteous act. Therefore the great flood is an act of love. Whether it happened or didn't happen.
RemindMe! 6 years
Ahh, thanks for the response.
I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.
Hey, it's good of you to do this, she may be sad but in the end it will be better for her. Proud of you!
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.
He's the only legitimate jetpacker
Also it’s YOU’RE a fucking stupid moron. Thank u.
Be the change you want to see in the world!
Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.
Yeah, it’s not exactly rocket-propelled hot wheels cars playing soccer, but eh, I’m down.
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....
I got you. Here's to something incredible and explosive happening soon.
Lol you're scared
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!
Which is fair. But they're not respecting you.
I <3 you!
Haha epic gamer moment
Wow what a final quarter. [NAME] throwing two intersepts. What a dog
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick
i am uncomfortable
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.
"""I will not return to those wretched mines!"""
2 2nd rounders but not a first or a future first. He’s not worth the risk
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
Because it was funny and people liked it. They otherwise do a pretty job of preventing memery
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures
U can try. Maybe say u are busy now Thursday but Friday is still open. I mean u are not waiting for her forever right?
I’d like to add that it’s British slang. We also use ‘kiddy fiddler’.
Chickens would definitely die out, sheep might have a small chance at surviving, cows might have a slightly higher chance, but pigs would surely survive.
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.
For real though, I do apologize. That's a bad run of luck for sure, it's such a rare syndrome 
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.
Well that's because you're close-minded. But meh. I don't need your respect. ;)
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.
One of the most reasonable comments I've ever read on the site (sad, right?). Salute to you
I’m not sure even know sits a fucking painter’s tool. I hate everything about everyone in this video.
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.
I have. Take care
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!
Then he is still able to achieve salvation in [NAME] grace. I will pray for him, and for all your lost souls. [NAME] bless.
"Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like ""why it's fun"" but like I just want to find love "
I don't even understand stuff is going on, I just laugh and hope it's at the right time. 
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.
You’re right, my bad
You are welcome! I am so happy it worked :))
We understand! This is a very common reaction to our study. I appreciate you suggesting it :)
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech
Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.
That’s cool. I didn’t know they had cameras like that. Thank you for sharing :)
I’m sorry. Your city blows.
Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.
3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...
You are an absolute gem
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020 
My son brings *homework* from kindergarten. I feel betrayed.
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy
slander? it's only slander if it's untrue, and all I said was that you don't grasp satire, which is obviously true.
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.
Thank you, I'll try my best. At least i'm not binging while i'm here.
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.
Thank you! We all appreciate the kind words! 💓
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!
thats.... not the type of disco that i remember
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.
Oh hi [NAME]
this aint it chief
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up
Yup this game just gets worse and worse
[NAME] I hope we don’t have to as long as the Cubbies did to win a WS
You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. 
He's a good fit, not a perfect fit. Same goes for [NAME]. 
I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.
I love this sub
This sub is filled with bitterness.
I thought so too, glad I asked.
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.
Hey if any are left, I'd like to happily donate!
Shameless IG plug:
They 100% know each other, maybe not personally
You’re a vet; you at least WERE poor lol. I’m a vet too dude I know the struggle.
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.
Thanks! I love watching him every week
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision 
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.
what a lovely gift, you are blessed my friend, she picked you!!!! use it in good health
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.
Thanks for adding water to an old nightmare
Oh look, it's wr2! *proceeds to get fucked*
Welcome home, and welcome to the front lines!
Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.
Dude, let’s just offer them a choice between remaining and staying. Democracy, lmao.
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.
He's not an ugly guy, but 8 is too high. He's between 5-6.
>I don't care either way. Good. Then stop making asinine comments on the matter.
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.
great day for him though, awesome story for the rest of the week
I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season
i just want emotional connection, im not missing out on anything as far as not having sex for sex's sake is concerned 
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
I will check him out thank you :)
I low-key love his YT channel, he's genuinely an interesting and good person
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.
Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.
I can understand political acrimony but the death of humor is really disappointing. Very sad indeed.
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes
I’m Waiting for Dr [NAME] to bring back Celebrity Rehab so her and [NAME] can be on it.
If by ‘needs a talking to’ you mean ‘needs to be sterilised’ then you are correct.
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
Calm down kid jeez
We have freeish speech. If you can be prosecuted for something you say then you can't in any way that we have free speech.
[NAME] should give him a little tough love
Mf perioded on my new sofa
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes."""
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure
Franz Ferdinand are awful too
Now maybe :)
Funny how picture comes with no article link... typical BS post..
Majority of [NAME] support Dem investigations of a foreign agent? I’m so proud!
Cant wait for the [NAME] [NAME] vs [NAME]
He’s better than [NAME].
My alarm is for 8. Thank you very much!
It's great you have a friend with the same struggles as long as you both encourage each other to do better. It can be very comforting.
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache
Only Ten more minutes of watching [NAME] drop easy ass throws
Stop doing weird things
you too good sir
Better try next time. Remember to apply yourself and learn history instead of getting angry.
i think if you truly thought it was wrong, you wouldnt defend it to this extent. see you
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.
We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.
time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.
Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad
That was horrible defending what the hell
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary
LMFAO! Thank you but I was inquiring about the OTHER one.
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped
It's viewed as unfashionable and lower class. Personally I think they feel great. Who gives a shit what other people think?
Thank you, what kind of lawyer would be best in this case?
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. 
i miss this show so much
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal! 
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.
i have this comic and I love this bit!
I can't see anything wrong with this message
one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!
Playing hard to get
Fool you twice, shame on you
Lol. Exactly
Lol i love this person
Fly out of KDVT? Love flying out there.
Did you mean all of Massachusetts or just Boston? Because I'm pretty sure Western Mass drives well.
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.
It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!
Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. 
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx
I still like beer.
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~
[NAME] was better at converting 3rd and 5+ than 3rd and <5 before his injury in 2015.
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY
I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.
Broken. Good and grtting better.
> not broken I beg to differ.
He wrote a pretty good piece right after his breakup with [NAME], this may be the same outcome
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!
You sound like a great mum
Whoa this is really creepy
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!
Imagine that when you breath in, your lungs feel crispy, that’s what -10 feels like
Thanks [NAME], I could unclench two minutes earlier.
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?
It won't be. Just a rumor.
> if nine out of ten girls were going to reject me, I would approach twenty. That sounds like a threesome
Isn't this the plot of the show YOU on netflix? Be careful lmao.
Aaahahahha- you had me at Jabba the Hut for a role model 😂😂❤️
Jeez this would be such a turn off to try and help people in the future
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.
Happy birthday!! Lots of love and hugs from a stranger in Hanoi 🤗🤗
TSA agents are like tow truck drivers. Everyone hates them.
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU
I got into law school, and now I’m finally tackling my addiction to video games to make sure I graduate :) 
"You called me a troll and a liar and you're surprised that I sound ""antagonist and confrontational""? Wow, you're impressive. Good talk."
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight
This is amazing thank u so much u saved my life
This. You need medical attention and they'll be able to put you in touch with resources.
Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.
Dude nsfw this damn
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one
this video made me feel like screaming
That's unfortunate but can't blame that lawyer for doing his job.
Thanks for the gold
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account
What kind of dog is that on the left?! He looks like a sweet pup.
Hah. Thanks!
Zionism is the ISIS of [RELIGION]. Brainwashed idiots like ISIS.
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.
I either know you, or know someone who has done the exact same thing. Either way I hope that makes you feel better xD
Fucking refs suck my balls.
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]
Heres some well wishes to you staying up
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.
Excellent analysis!
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.
You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?
Nikon D5100 with a 55-300mm lense. Still don't know how to use it well. Edit: Thanks! Edit again: A word.
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.
Hate this guys videos
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”
Griefing your oponents is amazing fun in a pvp game. *Cheating* to grief is the problem being addressed here.
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.
Unrelated but wow I’m so proud that I can read like 70-80 percent of this because I studied Chinese for 3 years. 加油！在中国你做什么？
No... that's literally our first rule.
This is my best bro being a dumbass....he said he was ok though.
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like ""fuck this shit"""
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.
I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.
Well good for you man. Enjoy :)
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.
Hey, I love you! 😁
I got a good laugh at this one. I feel bad.
[NAME] doesn’t use it & had the highest SAUG k/d at Vegas. Definitely isn’t “poop” without it lol.
"""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"""
You're right, laws don't stop people from committing crimes, we might as well legalize murder. You people sound like retards.
I can’t wait for this Narrative to stop. DLO has the best numbers just look.
Thank you. [NAME]
THANK YOU SOMEONE SAID IT!!
She's on quite the journey of discovery about herself atm. Excellent meme-terial.
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!
This is a very cool option!
And only $300+ a night, beautiful but expensive.
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.
omg you got me, what do i do now, pls help
I'm about 5 weeks of NC after a 1 yr relationship. It gets better. Occupy and work on yourself.
Thank you for your help
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.
Hey [NAME], just wanted to say thanks for coming to Minnesota, that’s all :) 
Less chance of complications and easier to get pregnant in your 20s. Assuming you are mature enough and prepared financially the younger the better!
Good luck tomorrow! I had to go back last Wednesday. The only silver lining was that it was a short week.
It's like they have no self-awareness, and they just engage in ridiculous hyperbole and expect to be taken seriously.
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?
Multiplayer guys got shafted too. It's sucks, but at least there's some new content.
That’s it guys, we’re racist now
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine
I love you [NAME]!
Wow, I just googled it and holy shizz that's an insane difference.
Aaaaand now I'm concerned. Clearly there's a story behind this.
Thank you. I appreciate the advice and I agree with what you said about therapy but I'll keep trying.
I'm afraid if I have a awful time or something like that I'm going to get worse..
so nice i had to put her twice
Absolutely. It's exhausting.
You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.
It's not like it's a bad thing...
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.
Impeach “fouty” five!!
I'm...not going to let him see me cry.
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
Yeah they taste so fake!!
>Missing skillset >Guy I mean, I don't want to say it's *free*, but it's pretty damn likely.
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent
Jokes about [NAME] hopefully being in MK11
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted
“stay still” the best and most timely advice you’ll ever get.
 yay!!! Congratulations! You are so pretty, make up is going to look awesome on you! Your hair is beautiful too ^_^
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.
I know. And it's very selfish of me to say, but I just wish it was different people that cared.
Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.
Wow! What a big beautiful terrific post, thank-you OP for enlightening us to these hidden truths.
I cringe every time [NAME] is in a fast break because it usually ends with his shot getting spiked lol.
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.
Yeah. Sure.... Why don’t you just let us have some fun, wet towel person.
LOL to your family
I would applaud, but a polite golf clap seems more appropriate. Well done. 👏 👏 
I'm so happy for you and so, so, so proud of you. It's HARD to talk to your doctor about this stuff.
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!
He's both. An edgy neckbeard skinny fat, but he is undeniably funny. 
I hope so and I think they have the ability to, but I just have a bad feeling that they won't.
I kinda feel like you may be my auntie. Florida?
Can't jab him outta this wind up unblockable lol
Omg! I'm just about to post a recipe with turmeric because I ALSO FEEL THAT WAY.
This kid now: fun yay hahoo This kid as a grownup: I regret everything
I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.
And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.
[NAME] i feel personally attacked
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry
Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.
The most important part of a sacrifice is the innocence of the victim. (Even we [NAME] belive that). The unborn are the most innocent.
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate
If anything [NAME] has shown he can do a lot with very little. The Bucs are just a fun team to watch
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back
I like your rant.
Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. 
I would think terrible, awful things.
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?
my little abomination
Haha! Toronto, the hotbed of conservatism.
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)
[NAME] is retiring but I still agree with your point
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.
Thanks :).. My issue got solved :) . YT on Twitter never helps.. they just do the basic troubleshooting.
cool cool...
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.
Agreed, my guy.
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.
Yup, not enough money
Reddit culture is truly the worst.
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!
Oh no he didn't!
Yeah a lot of people are missing that lol
Your right i will talk to him tonight
"He may have, I was more worried about the ""running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""."
Please stop using that term.
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. 
"""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."""
He’s so cute! How do you get to hang out with him? I’ve never seen him the times I went to visit.
That guy is an actor. Forgot his name but he's in imdb, played small roles. 
Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.
All good brother
At least no one threw water on him and exacerbated things
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol
I love [NAME] and totally understand. I hope she and [NAME] are able to have their healthy baby.
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!
I didn’t know that. Gtk
oh shit u meant the actual post... yeh i live in china this all we got😂😂
Very very very naive.
I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.
Go away [NAME]....
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow. 
That one is much better.. you win :(
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on
"Wish we hadn't already played them twice so we could hop in on this with something like ""Stanley Cup Parade Planners are here to battle"""
Thats a meme? That feels more like depression
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.
It’s actually thoroughly thought through. Thanks for the comment. It’s just evidently not for you.
Fair enough.
in this case, you are paying with both.. it's just as data mineable as any other source
No more like he took away their talking point about paying federal workers. Lol salty downvote
Bravo! It's hard saying you need help, and sometimes even harder accepting it. So proud of you momma!
A lot of people shit on wiki edits, but most of them give me a nice little chuckle
I actually had to rewind a few times because I found myself getting distracted because I was kind of bored.
That would really piss them off
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
*Oblivious to double standards Haha lucky he didn't have, * must not be a Hypocrite
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.
[NAME] was very athletic
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!
lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned
Thanks for the laugh
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!
You're welcome
I never said prostitution doesn't exist. I said it is off the streets.
Gold Coast seems like it would go well on paper, but turn up to the actual thing and seems strangely disappointing would be good to tell friends about though
I don’t fucking care
Nice, Butt Stallion just chilling in the background
Worse. They told us to mind our own business
Lullaby is excellent and so is Diary. His first 5 or 6 books are out of this world.
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.
For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. 
I would smash both
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist
I’ve lived in Florida. Hurricanes are *much* worse.
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.
Lets just say I'm hopeful! Don't die on me [NAME].
[NAME], now i’m graduated trying to pay off my student loans
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic
Whoa now, easy there on the logic.
Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy
Oh gosh dang it
same here OP, reading some of these stories makes me want to hug my DM for being a decent human being as well as a solid DM
All of season 6 is terrible
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.
Oof, that was efficient 
thank you!
Lmao, I really messed this up. Loved your replies in the og thread, mate, keep up the good work :). 
"You are also church people. Just ask her out ""Hey my relationship is open and you seem awesome, can I take you out for coffee?"""
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.
Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems
Yeeeaaaah, move out and keep showing off the clam.
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.
[NAME] lmaooo this made me laugh, thank you 😂
I believe it
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)
I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again
I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry
I know it sucks and it isn't like it's a new perk multiple swf probably all have it by now
lakers bout to get KAT fucked now
Thank you!
Great album! 👊
DAMN!!!
My goodness I didn't even know this existed. This is my first time seeing something like this. Pretty cool stuff.
Fuck your husband
Take a upvote I'm glad I made your experience great
That is a great idea! I will propose in in my next session.
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though
I took swimming lessons for a while and my fingerprint thing didn't work for months
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite 
Sweet thank you!
I'd really like to see one of these red-striped zebras.
You don't look at accidents on the road? Yeah, I don't believe you.
Lol. My gamer tag is the same as on here if you ever want to squad up and play man
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.
happy cake day.
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.
I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else. 
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse"
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
I really appreciate this perspective, man.
Oh wow! That's literally a game changer for me! I'm about to hit 3 digit hours and I never thought of that. Thanks!
This is a wholesome confession lol
I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.
As much as I like [NAME] and want him to score so many (hes a speedy mofo) I think that this would be a good trade for sure
New Job? [NAME] is pregnant!
When asked about my hopes for the Wild, i always (half) jokingly say, “i hope my grandkids can see them raise their first Cup”
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?
You just make her sound awesome.
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.
Its not fake. Its real. You now look hilarious for making ridiculous accusations and praises about a person that doesn't exist. Lmao.
🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣
Cant wait to start working my placement around that area!
Careful, it's hot 
Thanks! Life often ends up being the most beautiful when you least expect it :)
I'm very open to doing anything to help me abstain. This seems very helpful I'd love to know more.
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material
At least you're laughing. It's a step in the right direction. Have a great Friday Me. Flower-of-Power! ;-)
Bless your dog!
It’s certainly a cute concept.
Yea its really dissapointing
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.
Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation
Not my sub not my problem
As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. 
Didn't expect him to land back in the championship, although mears was much more unlikely
The weird thing is you’re not even the first haha
Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.
WHAT A DISGUSTING START
Agree!!
>he's also super handsome *( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY
Lol imagine googling “whore” to jack off
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)
The 100,000 who died in the Tokyo bombing during WWII weren't killed by [NAME], it was just the passive spreading of fire. Fuck off, genocide apologist. 
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
I don’t think you are comprehending what I’m saying.
Investments like that are a paper trail. Ordering takeout food and riding Go-Karts with cash, are not.
Have a nice day
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though
I’m single I’ve had it thrown at me But I’m being more choosey about who I spend my bed with this year
Best decision of your life.
Oh man. GOOD one.
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!
You are absolutely stunning and you’re a triple threat. Black is beautiful! And you’re intelligent and very pretty.
Wow!! very funny
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D
I really hope not. I want a more feel good intermission, I’m done with being yelled at by angry old conservatives. 
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.
Even though I didn't know you personally, but I just want to say that I am proud of you. This is an inspiration.
lol, it is. At least the leftist communities flat out tell you that you'll be banned for it.
Goodbye cruel world.
That's just a tad frosty. I'm ready to ice skate to work on thursday amsterdam style.
You look GORGEOUS and HEALTHY.
Love pasta. Not a fan of cosmos. I’ll take an aperol spritz though 😍
LOL this. I would love to see that.
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.
it's basically summer here right now. these posts are clueless.
"I think you missed a ""ba"""
That’s great of you :)
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.
I'm concerned they actually have to press a button. Why no dead man's handle?
Happy belated cakeday.
Have a nice day, sir. 
Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(
I love her so much
"Thanks, I was confused, too. I was like, ""how did your grandma rinse vegetables??"" Lol"
Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.
"I feel like Canadian Tire only exists still because ""I guess I'll go to Canadian Tire, they'll have it"""
i thought it was very coincidental that i was listening to 808’s while doing this bullshit and that this question popped up unexpectedly. made me smile
This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost
There are millions and millions of girls in the world. You will find someone better, trust me
this is why I have backups off site that they’ll never find...try as they will they will never disarm me
Yeah, no
******fucking internet, am I right?
sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?
I hope thats true.
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day
Nothin worse that doin the smooth criminal to be able to piss in the toilet
oh man that actually sounds gross in that context
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.
What a shit twat
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.
Teams got some fire tonight. I like it.
As a BMW owner, I don't understand what this meme is even talking about.
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]
We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.
I was wishing the same!
Thanks. I unlocked them 5 min ago. Just placed them in front of driving tanks and killed some infantry with the MG‘s.
Shut up nerd
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!
My bad! It looked so real XD thanks for the heads up
People are legitimately monsters.
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.
[NAME] doesn't seem to have based this on anything. The owner of the nightclub says there was no altercation at
America can out-lazy your ass any day.
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...
She already is. The darling that WTA so badly needed with the talent to back
Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*
Whales have excellent hearing. I couldn't imagine how it is hearing loud ass sonar.
Got one, it's still bad dude
Ah thanks. Well hopefully he can do better with [NAME].
Thanks bro!
Well he is saying the right sort of things. I'm glad [NAME] won but I'd like to see [NAME] come back well.
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.
"""Time heals all wounds. Give time time."" Best of luck to you."
I agree with you! Just wishful thinking from me I guess aha!
I mean, OP is consenting and asking for it, it's better to let them be
sweet home alabama
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.
Oh you're MGTOW. Lmao.
[NAME] deliver me from this nightmare I'm stuck in.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.
Cant wait til [NAME] passes him. [NAME] is an ungrateful mofo. Anyone that praises their own work ethic and hard work needs slapped silly.
I wish I could get this kind of funny stuff sent to me on Snapchat. All I ever get are bobs and vagene.
Thanks for the resources!
Wow.. You must be fun at parties
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that
Wow - it would be great to have an AMA about what you learned compared to the truth. How recently were you in seminary or at BYU?
That better the case. It'll take the sting away a bit.
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me
Fcuk you.
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.
That's super fricking cool I love it
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous
Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.
There is obviously love here. Don’t give up. Talk to each other.
It's very frustrating. I'm just crossing my fingers that something will help me soon. Thank you. xxoo
Kill me, [NAME] 
Just hanging out at UQ St Lucia is pretty cool.
You're FUCKING JOKING
Block me,report me, do what you gotta do, you don't own reddit.
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.
Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.
This was funny the first time, now this jokes been beaten to death so badly.
Lol, well if it's any consolation, I thought it was funny
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote."
I'll check that out. Thank you!!
Thank you a lot! Btw that user name tho 😆
He isn't always. But right now. Shoot the ball whenever you want Young blood. Go head.
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.
Im glad to hear it !!!
I’m only allowed to see counselor once every 2 weeks, so that sucks. Thanks! Best of luck to you too
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... 
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.
Thank [NAME] someone else though so!
Sorry that you lost that stuff. But that's a lot to have in your car in SF
Wow this is amazing. LOVE THIS!!!
No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!
Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.
Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice
I would highly recommend [NAME] ([NAME]) he is the great-grandson of [NAME]
congratulations :o)
Thank you for your response!
I'm glad this movement has occurred. Thank you for your service
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.
It’s rebranded as the ‘Quarter Note Hotel’. For now.
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.
Thanks mate. I’ll incorporate that into my game. Thanks mate.
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].
you are two hot cuties, all the bestest!
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.
Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
Still one of the greatest gems that few will end up doing Smash attacks then the other big cities.
He mustn't know about Mr. [NAME] and the cause of his untimely death.
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.
Please. Sorry.
Damn.. fell for that one
We aren't a bunch of Republican puppets like you believe.
While I agree with my political views could be of the top of my least favorites and [NAME] weren't ruined by the pic.
A hug? Lol, shugos new hugs look alot more fluid and faster. Get ready to eat more
You gotta block the name out, sweets.
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing
Thanks bot, I was and plan to have a great day despite this negativity in this comment section.
Congratulations, that joke has only been made 89,401,327 times on reddit before. 
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become ""Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""
It's racist.
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while
"If she is hot and has nice shoes...""I like your shoes."" "
No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell
I actually really like [NAME]
Riot keeping nailing it in the cinematic and music department. That was so fun to watch, especially how amazing [NAME] and [NAME] part was.
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.
And shockz isn’t? And he wouldn’t be too much of a threat for... fuck I forgot who’s on rec honestly
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].
Non-stop fun.
I was so happy for cowboy
"If I hear ""not sorry, [NAME]"" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]"
That's true.
I hate when that happens.
Totally hamberders the President, thank you
At least we aren’t getting blown out. And Vegas is hot right now
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.
Welcome to the party, pal!
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.
noob spam haha
[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb
If Wacky Races kept on going it would have 100% adult viewers
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console
Mug that fool
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.
Thanks... Some days are harder than others
Great pass by [NAME]
I wish you luck anyway lmao, and don't think so down of yourself, i believe you'll do great 
Thanks, and play ball!
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.
You’re an angry elf
Lol. It's funny cause people might do it.
Better scoop it up quick. Lots of hunters out there lol
Oops. My bad
natural selection will rape her anyway so...
Nkd is a very good brand they have amazing flavors
I agree with this
You are very welcome. Happy growing. Keep in touch with your success.
"""I love ya, Mom"". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week."
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job 
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.
"""Being able to attract women"" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous."
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!
Society hates everything. Just love yourself and the rest becomes easier.
I understand your point, but I prefer if we did not consider that.
Can’t wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.
Lol this ockanikin! I used to love coming here for summer camp when I was in cub/Boy Scouts!
Don't worry. I took one for the team and checked. Yes it's real.
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional
My guys about to laser a 5 year old cause he didn’t give that little girl his lunchable
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!
Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.
You’re like not wrong but I wanted to play up the immaturity. I’ll go back and edit
The majority is not relevant: it was advisory. I agree a second vote is needed to kill the [NAME] trope.
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess
Thanks for this. I appreciate everyone involved.
I was scrolling through and thought “who is [NAME]...” for a minute before I remembered. It was the best 10-20 seconds of my life lol.
"That's encouraging. I have similar amounts of ETH and some LTC that's ""pending"" withdrawal from monday. Hoping I get it soon."
I love it when drama comes home to roost
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.
Im a revolver guy so I've always admired the rhino and its low bore axis design. The Rhino and the Kimber k6s are on my list.
Pretty sure they claimed he resisted arrest. If I remember correctly he was just peacefully sitting on the curb when the cops decided he was resisting.
I love how this is worded.
He's shooting very efficiently, too. Most of his FGs scored at the rim.
Who tf told you that weirdo is left?
Thank you for these helpful points. I’ll read them again later.
Well that's good. Now, where am I?
Wow I bet someone would look at this and get inspired to make a movie about aliens with [NAME]
This is amazing
Nailed it!!!
You know he meant Golden Gardens. You are not discussing this in good faith.
Cuteness!!!!!
Awesome thank you! I’m sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet
I am just a regular guy. Maybe you guys should talk to a specialist....especially if you are trying to conceive. Good luck!
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good
My condolences. Lost my cat Zoey over a year ago. I still miss her like crazy. she was only 3 years old too.
here’s hoping the same is true for me!
This is true...
DonutLicious in Spring is the most gourmet one I’ve ever been to.
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s
Happy birthday! Enjoy your day and [NAME] should close this out as a present :)
My comment wasn't aimed at you... try to relax
That's a cute little theory
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
US labor laws are fucked up
The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really
I wish your mom had used the stick on his mom and explained that she has to be allowed to do it because otherwise she'd cry.
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(
Yes, it's great! What I really love watching them play school on the playground.
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.
You're not. OP just couldn't follow some of the simplest rules on reddit.
Glad they made it..
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!
they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.
I thought it was going to cut to them still trying to get it out of its mouth! When the kid was holding it again I lost it
Ah the city of brotherly love <3
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.
Yay, congratulations! :D
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..
Nope. I’m not wrong. Flipper superficially inflate housing prices without substantively contributing to their value.
Ohhh, thank you for correcting me 😊
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried. 
Agreed. A case where we're both right. Cheers!
Sorry then?
Are you seriously this dumb?
Thank you! I’ll give it a listen tonight😊
I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:
I think I'm kinda the same way like I change up so much everything I say feels like a lie... See just did it again. Fuck.
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.
People who mindlessly defend Turkey and Ergodan are very delusional!
Calm down. It's a real concept.
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.
That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]
You can buy bitesize toad in the holes in Tesco. They are amazing. These look like they use hotdogs but I imagine would be almost as good.
Now that would be an interesting game! Not quite sure it's the matchup I'm looking for though. Lol
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂
Thanks for the insight. I'm not knowledgeable about it, I admit. I am sensitive to many types of plastics, though.
Look how pretty she is. YES QUEEN YESSSSSSS
This makes me smile.
Great, petty revenge instead of making your GF happy by removing [NAME] from her life, nice job!
This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context
Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!
He is just awful enough to do something like that.
Good luck my tw broskies :(
Yep, still fun to theorise though!
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.
I like you
Or woman who would look beautiful without her glasses and ponytail.
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.
I don't know what you are about, but I love your enthusiasm.
Omg lmao. Coming from [NAME] too is super embarrassing. I can't really say I feel bad for [NAME] though, he did it to himself. 
I appreciate him entirely because of the segment he did for The Daily Show were he absolutely shit on anti war protesters in
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?
That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.
I’m getting visions of bitcoin private all over again. Good luck guys.
Shh don't spoil it for us
Losing wars has consequences.
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.
Hopefully this loss rejuvenated him. Im a conor fan, and even though I like khabib as well I admire some of his older philosophies 
It took me a moment but it was unexpected and got a laugh
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole ""man up"" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol"
[NAME] is a creeper and hangs out with underage girls n shit.
I will try to pay better attention. Its definatly not just ambient noise. I think you might be on to something with the packages.
She looks like one of my exs always feels weird seeing her about
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)
1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good
It’s a great site showing the growth and development of a re-bourgeoning city.
You should come. You'd enjoy it.
Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird. 
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life
Me, for example. I am very very happy.
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful
Lol!!
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]
I love this place. I have multiple things from them, and the employees are super great.
Thanks! Itll take some getting used to for sure but I'm excited to move on.
"It's called ""internalised misogyny"" and feminists are aware of it and discussing it. Thanks for your concern though."
The Internet is a weird place.
Looks gorgeous on u 😍😍
The local council is gonna have fun removing all those dodgy fillings.
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.
Don't tease me with [NAME].
I really like the hot pot at Lucky Bamboo. Their dim sum made me sad.
That’s a shame. What’s worse, evangelicalism or Scientology? Tough call
Whatever you do, don't give your virginity to anyone. You will regret it if you give it up cheaply. 
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.
Only joking, love the show and almost any meme involving it gets my upvote. 👍
Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.
Platinum is the best Pokemon
"Another reason to instantly kill people who constantly use the word ""awesome"" for everything. This is just brainless mediocrity at its best."
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.
They’re pretty great for a budget airline.
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/
It's rigor mortis but don't change it haha it's funny, good r/boneappletea material
She has a PINK semi?? Wow! Impressive!
Thanks cool sub
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys.... 
thanks <3
I hate beer. But I'll concede the point because others like it. ;)
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in. 
holy shit that person is a fucking asshole, talk about a huge red flag for your stepbrother.
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.
Food is wonderful
Probably alive. At the end of the video we see him getting up and he doesn't have any visible injuries.
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
If it's anything like what happened in France, I'd assume because it disproportionately affects the poor. 
The game felt like an awesome sci-fi TV series, with each mission feeling like a great episode. The pacing of this game was damn near perfect.
Thanks for clearing that up
Kindly shut your pie hole.
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.
Nothing like a little bit of whataboutism. We can think they're *both* idiots.
He has a youtube: Great watch.
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. 
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.
Haha, thats brilliant.
Thanks for the info! I will definitely try my hardest now that I know what to do. I really appreciate your help.
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do
Great protest! Not being discouraged by the weather or paternalistic criticism, good on them!
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.
Thanks for admitting your a slob
Unread. Unworthy of my or anyone else’s attention. You’ll have to hate alone today, [NAME].
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.
"Ah the classic ""I don't deserve you"" argument."
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear
Stupid play.
thats adorable aw
That was my favorite PS1 game.
[NAME] dirty talk really just Doesnt Work for me. Sounds silly at the best of times.
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.
"It's more like ""Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"""
[NAME] good one i like that
Stop arguing with people.
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol
Lol now that I see it put in this way, it's even more sad. Thanks :(
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.
Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.
My faith in humanity is restored. Your good deed has been noted on the Big Board of Doing Nice Things.
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.
I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.
Haha I’m not expecting anything at considering they’re 2,000 miles away from me. I’ll be surprised if she does give me numbers,
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it. 
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...
Me cheering for the Wild this year
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run. 
Lol I’d love to.
This hurts me
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though
I don't like the zombey cookies.
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste
MAD JOKE!
I would never wish for someone to get injured, but an injury needs to happen at the Pro Bowl so they cancel it forever.
I'd love him to get a pick6/scoop and score and chief slam on them
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.
Thank you - that strikes me as the basics of what's going on here.
Ur right. It was a loose comparrison.. I hope i got my point across at least.
You do realise that a toilet lid doesn't make the toilet air tight, so the toxic poo ridden air you're so worried about would still escape.
*ads even more trashier
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.
 Best number! [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]
Howd i get downvoted? Lmao. I love drones and think they cant be beat for SaR and aerial mapping... thats why i forwarded the proposal!
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version
The last message was particularly painful to read
Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.
That's interesting! Here I am having been saying I grew up near the original all my life. I will correct my story.
Done, sorry about missing that before.
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned
> You could probably argue that they'd be fine with giant steaks and BBQ Pretty sure I mentioned it.
The famous tank man. We know close to nothing about him. So I rather preferred to think he is living his life peacefully.
Just don’t feel bad. It’s their fault for taking it personally
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!
I prefer HOWDY MISTER
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu 
Lol nice grammar
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.
Cool. Thanks for the tips!
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK
[NAME] I hope so.
I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all
Happy one week anniversary
I don’t know what this means but it feels significant somehow...
I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.
Thanks very much. This is helpful
The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now
Im very interested. Contact me if you are going to set one up and want/need help.
This person shouldn't be allowed to drive ever again.
I completely agree with mondawggg. Playing the petty way instead of discussing the issue with him directly is so much more productive....wait
Yeah agreed, it’s great to see!
Unless you have actual ADHD lol. But I think this was mostly meant to be funny
No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?
I just wished they took [NAME] with them.
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad
Everyone has a purpose, just have to find what that purpose is for you. 
I’m hoping! She wasn’t bad at all in this episode!
Nice of them to call back to [NAME] dyslexia with the two different spellings of deodorant
That’s cool man! You have a good night!
Hope you're still doing ok ❤✌
You’re welcome
Which is why I'm glad he turn around as he did. xD Still is both scary and funny if you look at it from a different light
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.
Holy shit I grew up in Sugar Land! Moved to Philly. Didn’t expect to see it on reddit today. This made my day.
Make a change make it small and manageable. Go for a walk. Smile at people.
terrifying every time.
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!
I'm interested, more than I should be.
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾
I'll take the Akot 3 but man that shot is ugly
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid
If you're talking about tfue you're insane. He plays scrims for hours, every, single day. 
This better be a troll because if not, you are the most obnoxious, self centered, asinine person on this face of this planet.
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!
Abusive family nice. Been there.
Yeah, they're on whatever the opposite of a roll is today. 
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.
Millennials are from 1981-1995. 1983 falls in that range.
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.
I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.
Better than just saying hey :)
Lol this happened literally 5-10 seconds after the screenshot was taken too
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$
Shouldn’t really need to pay for this basic sexual experience man, it’s not very kinky 
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out ""stop yelling!!!"" when she's the only one yelling."
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo
i just giggled like a girl.
I genuinely just for once want to be in a situation where everyone applauds. That’s my New Years resolution.
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles. 
congrats, [NAME]. you played yourself
That’s a sweet hoodie
Yeah no.
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.
No worries. Have a nice day.
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.
Thanks, I'll resubmit
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!
Only 22? Weak.
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!
cool story bro
Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.
Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.
Yes, its from the song Ultimate by [NAME] (kinda of a hype/rap song)
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair
Eat better.
*people’s ..this is awkward
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend. 
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.
I feel like she’s going to defect sometime between now and when the baby is 6 months old... I hope she sees the light! 💛
Ohhhh my gahhhd. One of my all time favorites. Taxi Driver can take a seat. Brink is awesome.
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer! 
Shitty cars made of plastic
My favorite [NAME] post-match celebration hands down.
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.
It’s funny how people use one good game to dismiss an argument against a player. They do the same thing with [NAME].
tobaccy is nasty
You all treat him like shit so what do you expect?
Interesting indeed 😕
Thanks. I'm contacting them now.
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.
nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying
Perfect World was my first mmorpg that I played for years. Super fond memories of the game.
People like you are why I follow this sub. Keep it up I need more laughs like that!
"I'd go with ""Thanks"" and leave it there or maybe ask what exactly they are praying for depending on what kinda relationship it is."
True but I am a fan of [NAME] and I'm just relieved he pulled through even if his victory did not make me any richer.
Idk about that, but if you were being genuine I apologize. I just don't think that is the case in this situation.
That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!
Lawdaddy and dadturion the ultimate combo.
hmmmmm I still love [NAME] and a lot of OR candidates but thank you
Busy night for you lol
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...
Thanks a lot
Looks like the other driver to the right was predicting that to happen. You can see the brake lights come on the SUV.
Why on earth couldn't she just bring a hat from home if it was such a big issue to her? Lol.
LOL...love nagy shock-faced
I think it looks great
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it 
That makes sense, I’m over explaining and I shouldn’t have to. Thank you! 
That's a rather annoying extrapolation of what I said.
While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works
I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
I wish I could come up with a bad cat joke in response to that.
Yes thank you
And I wish I wasn't lumped in with new jersey.
One of the very few individuals to survive a shot to the head. Very unfortunate since he had a couple of more good years ahead of him.
Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol
I adore this comment section <3
I have a headache from watching that
Glad to hear. It seems like a very hopeful sign. 👍
Alright, so I googled aaaaaaand sorry for my misinformed mistake. Dunno where I heard that [NAME] didn't win the popular vote but it was wrong :(
Nice I am actually going to the game! Awesome I'll get to see him represent.
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.
"I really love how he just flung out ""dead mum"" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward."
I don't know why, but the thought of that hat on smoke makes me smile...
[NAME] was such a fun weapon
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.
They've been banned. We'd like to start leaving up more comments though so that threads actually make sense. Capitalists will always be banned.
Great game, great soundtrack. He was like 19 or 20 when he did that too.
Damn I was about to go out tonight.
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.
Hot damn it takes some real self-confidence to say you can't do things in MS paint
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad
You had a tough childhood :(
[NAME], I'm excited to watch your journey and hope you have massive success! 
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and ""That's all."""
You are retarded
Good luck bro! I am with you on this journey. Currently on day 7. I had trouble sleeping yesterday night due to the urges.
Nah it's cool. We love you. Please don't do terrible things.
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a
Omg her fake laugh there. I cringe.
Hahahahaha, no there isn't. Thank god. Tell your friend he's an idiot for us.
> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree
Will do! Thanks!
Sweet! This just keeps getting better. Have a good one
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong
Well...to be fair then. :)
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...
😂 MIL would never have the self awareness to understand the double meaning but I think it's hilarious
Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!
nearly choked on my chicken breast
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.
Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped
Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)
You summed it up perfectly. I can’t even say anything else because I have nothing else better to say.
Pretty sure the plate is completely visible in the article...
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)
I'm sorry. I hope he takes the CTJ talk seriously. Fingers crossed for you!
I hope xe had a nice talk with the premier
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that
THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol
LOL, that made me chuckle. Have a good one, [NAME]! 
Arguably this post is [NAME] favorite post on Reddit one hundred percent. Lmao #muglife
This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.
This is a new complaint I haven't seen before... I like it.
love cats, dislike the regular news. you?
You really can't. So just dont worry about it
I wish my phone was that accurate. It warns me I'm at 14%, then 10 minutes later it drops to 0% and shuts off.
i wish i wasn’t a failure of a person.
(F) Actor here as well, also willing to learn anything and everything involving film!
That’s terrible; I would be devastated. You had to get out of there though. I’m thinking of you.
Shut up cowpoke
Proud of my Senator today
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..
For extra measure tape it right by your crotch so she can't take it for sexual assault reasons
I shed a tear at how beautifully well said this comment was.
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.
Don’t worry; I’m sure your dad will come back from the store any day now.
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?
That would have been a funny had we never made playoffs
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough
I am a 34-year-old lover of plushies. You are in good company, my friend.
Damn MLM at its worst
Thanks for yelling it
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever read
No, just dont show off your books. 
I just hope the show brings [NAME] back because she was really great.
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?
I ate 2 lots of rice a day, with chilli. I also had a bowl of high carb cereal. I lost 4stone. CICO, is real! 
Noted thank you.
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.
Funny that dinner sized is larger than lunch sized wherever you are. Seems like a very specific cultural thing.
I’ve seen it too. I think it was an honest mixing of the words.
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much
I meant after tech school but thanks
Life is just an endless series of disappointments and no one gets out of here alive.
Oh noo! You are the best dog owner :)
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high
Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited... 
That magazine cover after her first surgery was awful. She got a chin implant or something I think. Receipt:
This guy should go to HELL
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)
Omfg. I haven’t seen this one before, and I’m in tears! Thank you! 
My day gets better every time a poser is exposed, so thank you. Think of your own content and people will respect you more.
Beautiful shot!
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.
Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.
I hope there's a 3rd jump ball.
Good luck my friend!
Nice quote, not sure if it was worth the time to pull up though.
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you
migration lol
I'm just thinking our government sucks at Civilizations. Should have invaded them decades ago. Lots of water and farm land to use.
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.
ooh thems would be nice
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.
Lake inle is a beautiful place
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!
[NAME] and [NAME] may be stronger, but [NAME] just gone mad. She's lost the plot for sure.
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
Thank you. You’ve given me a beam of hope
Appreciate it.. just for trolls sake Plot Twist : The one trick has no mic XD
Idk why everyone's being obnoxious. I thought this was a good post, OP.
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.
agree with the messaging but such a cringe video
Then spend already! Go get [NAME] and [NAME] and [NAME]. Bring up that young talent and dominate already.
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. 
groceries are getting crazy expensive
Amazing!! Congrats!
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet! 
Cheers brother. That’s very interesting. First time I’ve seen that article.
[NAME] isn't likely to get traded. Out of the 4 he's the least likely.
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.
Props to your dad, you dodged a big bullet there
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.
Lol let me do you one better, what FPS games have EVER had built in aim assist with controller on pc?
That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok
If you can make a mini portal gun that would be awesome. But nonetheless, great work! 
Wtf. And then we wonder why people think DnD players are a bunch of fucking creeps. Sucks that you had to bear witness to such sadness.
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please
Absolutely brutal.
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope)"
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity. 
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me
This team was nowhere near legendary, filled with legends sure, but incredibly disappointing.
Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!
Yeah I’ve been watching these videos and they are great. Really well done.
I'm thankful every day I was in school before the Internet, smart phones and social media.
Well at least it's your fellow countrymen treating you like shit now and not outsiders. Improvement amirite?
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me
I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.
Good luck dude!! Try to lower your expectations and everything will be more enjoyable .
Very sorry for your loss.
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure
That sounds great!
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel 
Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days
Florida. I moved up here and chose the best hockey team in NY/the universe
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.
>Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.
Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.
Blue Cheese is about as close as my lips and tongue are going to come to pronouncing that. lol
So you're not a incel LMFAO. Go bang more women bro better then that get some friends bro. I'm not Livestreaming with you.
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.
Fucking pouliot you're shit
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch
She even tweeted the Ghost Adventures crew, oh wow. 
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.
Girl YES. My kindergarten come back Tuesday, and I’m hoping they remember my name and how to hold a pencil.
Good for you to get out of it!! seems like a nasty example of narc abuse. No contact!
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.
Cheers, I will do 
I absolutely agree 100%.
No, that's not standard, it's a common house rule (and is often published in the instructions as an alternate rule as well).
Just move on and find someone who will give you the same feelings back.
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂
Sometimes I wonder if people are that stupid or that malicious
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that
TBH I was worried he actually hurt [NAME]. Glad everyone is ok.
[NAME] is timeless, so I think both can be true at once. We have been saved, are being saved, and will be saved.
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked
I am glad that you’re doing well, it’s a difficult process but incredibly rewarding, I imagine. Best of luck on your journey! 
They are looking pretty stacked this year
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!
The furry community loves it.
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying. 
You’re right. Pressing f.
You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.
I was expecting the surprise birthday, not seen this twist on the sister before. 
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.
I am so relieved
Thank you.
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry
Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
The best role you can take to climb is shot caller. Give your team the information they're not aware of and they'll be more useful.
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.
Thanks for the info
Haha, I feel that
This is the greatest Bama game I've ever watched
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety
Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.
He will the author already spoiled it in previous chapters.
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.
Thank you. Well said.
"Thanks, I'd never heard this information. Only ""humans have the best endurance"""
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!
"I absolutely love that idea ""BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""
You have to leave the house.
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. 
Thankyou!!!!!
A girl has grown up a lot since she was a 12 year old on the show, and she's grown up to be so beautiful as well.
Wow that’s weird. I’m too used to that age group complaining about “kids these days”. Thanks for sharing.
Gorguis jumper looks so clean when he has a minute to line it up
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.
Great for domestic workers.
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. 
> neoprene kayaking gloves Thanks will check them out!!
I think you're doing a great job modding <3 Can I have flair now?
Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.
I'm cringing for you. Good luck in your future after this.
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.
It's definitely that
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.
"I would say something like ""Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"""
I make my cows super stronk.
Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck
[NAME] is 19 karma away from beating cancer. Please upvote to save this young man's life!!
Because it's scary, and therefore thrilling to face your fear. Also the shrimp are easier to catch at night.
it also can be found in r/redditsmuseumoffilth
The whole post reeks of troll.
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories
This makes me smile
I know, pain in the asses.
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this
That's so refreshing. Thanks a lot!
"""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."""
Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.
Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!
> But you will probably find you are noticeably worse looking at 40 than you are at 27. Well that's disappointing.
He sounded so disappointed when he realized they just wanted sex :( Poor OP!
Yes, you should speak with an attorney.
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!
Should tell the people at 4chan. They will help you forget this
So good.
Disgusting amount of oil.
But that floor is so nice and shiny...
As of right now, [NAME] is the better overall player.
Yes you can start working. Just use those bags, but don't bother with the prompt on the dashboard.
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.
So beautiful 💕
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.
This is simply beautiful <3 thank you for sharing this, it touched my heart to hear such a wonderful success story <3
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.
I think we should, he is one of the best centers in the game 
[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]
Sorry, I don’t see a difference. If you are opposing people’s access to something, your opposing that thing.
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!
News flash scrims don’t mean shit.
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view 
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.
That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?
[NAME] I hate this man
I used to when i was younger, but then i got old and started caring about conserving water. 
It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear
Dont keep your mouth shut.
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.
I don’t think that can happen here.
Lol. That's funny though!
Well when ever you want to see her check the cahpters she is in :) haha
Same here. I kept listening to the damn puns.
It's scenes like this that make me remember how truly special this show is.
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.
Hears hoping, best of luck
that's adorable asf
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.
Because you deserve to live and be happy
Yea, I saw him live in Stockholm. It was awesome!
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.
Nasty, pigeons are nasty.
Hahha i agree but i still want him to say sorry.
I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.
Let's wait till BFV leaves alpha before we plan the next one. But seriously, that would be a great setting.
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example. 
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!
Also it seems like there is some possibility of the pole going backwards lol
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)
Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.
The toes stretched out as he hangs from the swinging door is too much cuteness for me
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s. 
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.
It’s a self fulfilling prophesy. They know things are getting more violent because they are looking to make them that way.
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid. 
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.
taj with 12 and 5 before the half, great game so far. Hopefully [NAME] can continue his 1st quarter shooting
Love Mac n Gold
The best timeline
Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.
It's ok, it was cancelled anyway
Mr. [NAME] Moderate himself. I do hope the DCCC pours money into [NAME] rematch campaign when he declares.
This sounds an awful lot like a solicitation. In case it isn't, what you seek may exist but you'd probably have better luck with the lottery.
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.
I've wondered this too!
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it
It definitely has the best look to it. Also the best characters. Count [NAME] henchmen are amazing.
Not even getting my hopes up at all. Story of our life- Padres fan.
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. 
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.
Then YOU go right ahead...support and guide him.
Good for you bb. I wish you all kind of life gains
It's my monthly luxury. I don't go to Starbucks or eat out, I instead go to Disney lol
I’m sorry he’s treating people this way. You will find even greater and less costly bliss!
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.
May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)
[NAME] ruined religion. It’s the only good thing they’ve done.
You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.
aw momma big hugs.
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.
Thanks dude.
Damn, dude lol You should've calmed him down. 
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.
This man just posts facts and got -220. He told them the truth and they hated him for it.
Can't say that I do, no.
I could see that nobody wants to be called ignorant. I also learned about the fallacy from [NAME].
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work
Having two world class GKs is amazing lol
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...
Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.
[NAME]! congratulations! and may [NAME] help you more!
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.
Great, thanks :) remember, just let it go!
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...
I really like your writing!
Great to hear something positive for once! Was half expecting a negative rant. Yay for [NAME] and congrats to you.
That Man has one of the coolest tattoos on his knee I've ever seen.
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.
Female INTP and i concur! Especially the kids bit! And the Adorkable!
Yeah it seems like that lol I just wish they are playing a more or less team game and help you out.
This made me sad
Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead
Thanks! Here's hoping silly comic book shows don't trigger you in 2019!
Just eat it after. Lol. Im kidding, but it would honestly be the best recycling option. Not that anyone is going to do it. 
Problem is as soon as someone criticises Israel they jump up and down and scream anti semitism
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny
Niemi is absolutely amazing tonight
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.
It’s broken garbage. The most broken unbalanced tekken game by so much it will make your eyes bleed and give you a brain tumor.
Ok, fair enough... This one works
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.
OW MY LEG!
Wow. I dig that.
Sorry. Bad day.
How is that sarcasm lol just feels like you’re backpedaling
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul. 
Our performance was an embarrassment and should never have happened. It's a bottom of the league style performance against top.
I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*
Yeah I’ve also experienced that with work friends I know what you mean. Thanks! Hope it gets better for you too :)
[NAME] seems to be really honest in the meaning of lore. She supports [NAME] from the very beginning.
thanks! yeah a bit, wrote for my college paper last semester but thinking about doing more
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it
"I just want to shake her by her shoulders and be like ""*Why are you like this?!*"""
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!
Lol this never gets old
Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?
Come to Melbourne [NAME], my wife cooks a rest roast we would love you over for dinner
Of course you can. Wear a racist T-shirt for a day and see what happens.
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....
That sucks. I had to deal with something similar. Sorry you go through this.
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.
The sex must be great.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
Looks like you brought a nice variety for her to try, hope she enjoyed it!
You fool, you have no idea that you talked about team fortress all along!
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy ""feminist"" with no perspective whatsoever."
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.
Well glad she got out of the situation safely. I would much rather NOT have to investigate and know someone is safe.
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.
"Hey, I bought a few issues of ""Lady Death"" and it was awesome! I wasn't hanging posters though."
Thanks, never heard that one.
Now this is poke choking!
[NAME] is a pretry big role to fill. I hope you do well!
[NAME]. Can't believe she went to Parliament nine-months pregnant just to vote on the thing. That's dedication.
Can you freak bitchhhhh
HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!
Hot damn! Thankfully only a bump to the head.
Didn’t locals cry bloody murder about that and get it rejected? I hope the state tell them to pound sand and do it anyway.
Thank you [NAME]
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date
Don't forget the fort camper.
Black self determination and Black separatism isn't the same thing... thank you for proving my point.
Want to get a hangover there 👍🕺❤️
Thank you that’s sweet of you (:
This really is next level
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...
In my favourite clubs pretty much always. The people there are lovely. In any other club very rarely.
Omg I thought he was actually fired lol. Got excited ! I still approve tho
It really do
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. 
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.
He’s my pick. That fist!
Lol. What a great way to start off the morning
Boring way to get it and unfair with the rest of the pkayers
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.
General population are scared of press
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.
Happy new year!
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.
You look awesome in this picture
Her absence is probably the greatest present she can give you. Enjoy it while you can.
your cat has the cutest face!
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template
Don't worry about it.
Omg lmao 🤣🤣🤣
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode
we roll tonight to the guitar bite. and for those about to rock, I salute you 
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.
I don't think you could actually find something that's *unambiguously* racist. That's just how dog whistles work.
That is fantastic.
How he ups the tone along with his eyes to desperation at the end is just hilariously amazing.
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago
I hate that I was young enough to not remember this but old enough to remember the next Super Bowl....
Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️
thank u for bein a friend
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.
wow fkn nice :)
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...
Thank you [NAME] master
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.
Lol nah i’m not playing your game dude. Have a good night
I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. 
And caressing your hair.. I’m not even a woman and that makes me shudder thinking about that
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.
You're free to believe all of that, but we're going to have to wait and see how it actually all plays out.
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out 
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure
She must hate her father.
hey at least you've got a friend group chat
Lol what are you smoking
I don't believe you
The fact their team is stacked makes me hate them, along with [NAME] being a dirty player. Also they are in our division 
[NAME], they've turned into jerks.
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!
I will watch tonight, thank you!
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.
Got it! I wasn't aware that it was a slur, and thought that it was just a general term used. Thanks for the info.
oh, that's nice. welcome everyone!
The papers listed at might be of help.
Wow. She just risked her life and interfered with the process of natural selection. Hopefully she gets eaten next time
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys. 
Living is exhausting.
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.
I completely agree, and I love Space Jame. But Back in Action was just amazing and incredibly satirical and witty.
YES BOYS.
I always wanted to be an actor! Always found it fun to emulate and/or imitate others
"[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE ""MINE"" SdgksadGDKLSG:"
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, ""I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""
Search your feelings, you know it to be true
That was truly disgusting
Clever, original, and a little knotty. Nice work.
This is so cool! I love the hat.
This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it ""offensive and pointless""."
Oh [NAME] thank you.
GG haha 😉
I'm not looking for pity or sorrow. Thanks for your input.
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.
Thank you! [NAME] is drafting off this documentary.
Enjoy your gold!
Gotta offload this crap somehow.
I mean, that’s great, but would you start dating someone you didn’t think was attractive initially?
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato
Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!
I know that's what she said they dont repackage they have to toss them so instead she brought them home
Don't worry, all these people will get the rope once I've established my new world order
If liking your own country is a right wing talking point then why don't the left wingers just leave the country?
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.
They’re looking sharp!!
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.
they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan
Also upvoted. Karma always helps. Edit: thanks for all the upvotes guys. I appreciate your support
Oh hey, it is!
I hope having family in high places will help me gain opportunities to liberate others.
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery 
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir
take my arrow. so fucking true
"Wow, pulling her by her hair and throwing her on the ground doesn't exactly say ""respect me"" in any way."
You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol
Agreed, that’s different if it’s their choice, but I would suggest against starting off that way!
This is hilarious! Please share if she tells us what she thinks the difference is.
I want to see this happen simply because it makes no sense.
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]
I stopped watching after I had to suffer through a whole episode without [NAME] removing his shirt
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted
"This feels more like ""Lofi Rock"" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow
“[NAME], have we got an offer for you!”
Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety.
> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.
Thanks, bud!
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.
She’s so gorgeous, I hate you too.
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((
Same. She seems to get aggravated more easily now too. Hope it's just the political climate and not the tail end of her prime.
how'd you know? they're soooo good
*tomorrow Thank you for this.
when only rich people got elected and passed laws...
This made me chuckle, thank you.
I’m sorry to hear that. When do you graduate?
same i feel u
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.
Drink the kool-aid! Lol
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...
Hahahahahaha you 100 percent got my ass first time in months I’ve been got. Thank you.
ITT: People defend delusional shitposts.
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫
I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.
I just can't get behind genocide. I hope you heal.
Sounds like you're in a good place. I'm happy for you. For me... Right now I don't care how my STBXH is doing. Hahaha.
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe
Haha haha! Excellent
New Year, new you. I'm proud of you. 
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.
What's the name of it? I googled Anker and there are several, but I want an included SD lol
When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost
*aggressively tells friend I love them*
I need this in my veins now.
This is also (as an exmo myself) why I love her. She is awesome.
thanks for answering!
A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.
It doesn't, it just resets back to 1 *before* adding in your upvote. You're not gaming the system lol
I'm cautiously optimistic about him.
Yep, I guess this is a no-go for me. Thanks!
Wah wahooooo!
Aw how cute, the human garbage wants help. 
yeah definitely so what i'm thinking is, we remake it, but also, add a divekick button
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.
We will fam. Enjoy [NAME]. hes a great kid and has a crazy high ceiling
I like your style B)
This post made me howl in laughter in the handicapped bathroom, thank you /u/coffeewhore17
Pickeks are nice idk how many calories I eat day to day lol
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.
thank you man
I'm so hyped to see this mitchy and matthews line
I didn't think I could love [NAME] any more. Is there a central repository for all of these battles
Does anyone know where it came from? I like it lol Shaq was big cactus
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history
What a great comeback win! I think that [NAME] goal gave the boys the confidence they needed for the 3rd!
Sweetener is full of bops! Wish she would release another single from it.
HAHHAHA thats good
because it’s funny
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube
My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.
Also the world is round.
Hope he takes a break before managing again... I love the guy but he needs to update/reevaluate some of his tactics and methods
I'm loving the blocked shots from rust, what a stud 
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂
She looks really pretty
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.
I always wondered what turned the deer albino. Must have been from fright.
I want to see him succeed. Mostly because his last name makes me think of the bad guy from Shrek
I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight
I like you
Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.
Lmao this dude sitting in an Iowa thread throwing shade on New Years Day with nothing better to do.
Well, I'm glad you're out of all that now. How awful. The way they act, they make you think healthy boundaries are you being hostile.
I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?
That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
r/choosingbeggars boy is it frustrating yet hilarious
I want to die
This mode is dead. Sorry :/
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no. 
Empire was extremely popular at first. I think it gradually got worse after season 2. Those first two seasons were great though.
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry."""
What did you use to kill them all? Sorry I’m kinda a noob
You sir are a true hero.
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.
Alot more common in NY City.
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement
Research #42 and also learn about our [NAME] Father, [NAME]. Get ready for a great year ahead.
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.
Clearly not or you wouldn't have fallen for Leftist propaganda.
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point 
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.
Completely understandable. Maybe mom should book flights a little bit farther in advance next time though!
Really glad the US just passed transparent pricing for healthcare providers, but it's just a first step.
I was about to say the same lol.
That's cute love it!
We got Munchak guys!
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]
Awesome! Glad you found it informative! Thanks for watching.
I love lighthouses
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look
Racial attacks went up after [NAME] was elected.
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters
Damn it, karen
The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.
Anyone remember Space Dandy? It was short and stupid, but the animation was great. Very tounge in cheek.
I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.
Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!
Amazing shitpost.
Yeah well you’re a horrible [NAME]
"Love him! ""Thank You God"" is one of my favorites of his."
I’m gunna be the bigger man... blessings on your weekend my friend...
Drink up before it gets cold
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry
Sometimes I think the Padres link these rumors just to remind the world they still exist. ... But it would be fun if they actually came true.
Hostile ? I disagree.
Which sex communicates better? Typically women. Don't judge this guy like your girlfriends. he sounds pretty normal to me.
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.
this is epic satire, too bad its close to much of what the right unironically believes
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing
I dont know this one (new or yet another alt) I can't take people seriously when they have a hidden agenda for these questions
Lmao this is hilarious not cringe
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.
What I find disgusting is thinking you can be a liberal and a ecologist. Anyone has its own ideas I guess.
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.
Happy cake day to you too!
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.
Congrats and good luck moving forward!
"And for your daily dose of ""Saints LoL Meme"" you are still welcome at r/falcons we wont stop in the forseeable future ^^"
The tone is incredible.
Cholent powered rockets will fly men to the moon'🎶
I'd be a lot more excited to see [NAME] flash the leather at 3b.
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(
Yeah this is what im currently witnessing with my nephew and nieces. I wish i can do something about it.
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.
I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft
You good.
Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break. 
Most underrated subreddit.
Bless you!
Love the whole lebatard community but she has the most confidence speaking and it shows up on all the shows she does
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.
U have the Balls to do this
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....
And oof for the red car
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?
They don't seem to care much. Al qaida or ahrar al sham makes little difference anyway.
Good. I'm glad that you are getting help.
That sounds like a legitimate reason. However she still gave herself a reason to say [NAME] constantly...
Thank you!
Sometimes you gotta agree with the terrible Facebook memes.
Sorry if I’m late to the party but when does the new season start? I’m getting withdrawals! Happily ever after that is.
She was HOPING she was gone!
I've heard vegetarians talking about various sources of cholesterol, maybe try r/vegetarian and ask what meats they prefer?
Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember
Still annoying.
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once
These are the same people who make fun of single women who own pets.
I need a thick 10 inches too, thank you. 
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.
You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.
My meme coins are starting to hit the 70% growth range from the beginning of the month. I'm feeling bullish.
Thanks I absolutely love it.
Easy: he’s completely unrepresentative of Colorado and really bad at his job.
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.
To make her feel threatened
You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)
Here we go boys. Have a good game
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!
Additional space race
And trying to take [NAME] gun away. 😩 Like really people, it's his weapon, find yourself one and stop trying to teach him better
I don’t understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested? 
This entire discussion is very unnecessary
I liked [NAME] too, but I'll take [NAME] over him 10 times out of 10.
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!
Almost heaven...
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.
It's showtime!!
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]
I can’t call anyone Daddy. Not even my Dad. It just feels weird and creepy and I’m not 4.
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too
THANK YOU [NAME]
True to the first, I hope to the second.
multicultural makeup'? There's the indigenous people, the [NAME], and the illegal settlers, don't make me laugh 
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though
But also the smell!! People go past KFC and say Mmmm I must get some lol
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating
Couldnt they just play music through a speaker? This is hilarious
Shadow of Mordor 3 looks pretty lit
Your name is amazing
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm
Thank you kindly :)
So dumb it's genius.
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘
They shout it near the end. Listen for WAAAAAAALLLLLL
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.
So true it hurts.
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.
Did you just say suck a fuck?
yeah it was awesome!
Fuck you, that's how
you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!
I appreciate the honesty
I feel like she’d be more than half-way there if she just fixed those eyebrows...
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.
Great podcast called Uncover on this. Highly recommend!!
I do hate fortnite dances
[NAME] blew it by putting [NAME] on the WS roster. He was horrible, and he hadn't pitched in weeks.
Lol well now you have even more in common! So happy to help and hope you can smile a bit before you zzzzzzz. :-)
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.
Lol you sweet summer child. I wish I weren't so cynical and had hope like this.
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!
You are a disgrace to the species
"He loved [NAME] ""old man in a park"" painting!"
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. 
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.
I'm so sorry. This is no way to be live or be treated. It's so immature and emotionally-abusive. I really hope your circumstances improve
Of all the stupid terms for people out there “womxn” is by far the stupidest
They both do! Like wow!!!
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.
A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up
I like [NAME]
"[NAME]: ""She seems useless"""
[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest
What a rollercoaster
Love it. More power to you!
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.
Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao
I agree. Verbatim.
This is great! My SO just groaned so much at this. Thank you
Ok but it's pretty cute too
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly
Just hit my 3pl8 squat, been looking forward to this for a long time so really happy I finally got it! Now on to 4
ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.
Damn, savage but true.
I like [NAME], but this entire sequence was hilarious. Poor guy. 
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂
There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.
Nope. I like looking at people.
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.
This is great. Thanks for sharing OP :)
Well in that case, i'll agree with you. I guess we can all do without scholars. 
You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.
You're so cool.
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.
Thank you for that :) I'm not OP but I am really happy to read your comment.
What a waste of money and time
Funny when I hear people claim a breed is dangerous, I automatically assume they are trash.
Thank you for your support!
that's an adventure!
I'll miss [NAME]
I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.
Thank you for being willing to learn
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.
Thank you for your service.
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
[NAME] has been really blunt about things lately, I love it.
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.
I'm not white.
I Wish the answer were that or simple
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.
[NAME] is da man. A gangsta mathematician who had the guts to seduce the most beautiful Spartan woman of her time.
I’m glad
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem
lol I’m realizing that now!
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?
I hadn’t seen it and appreciated it!
I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]
I love Fish Stick
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?
Nah. Been over it pretty much since [NAME] said the Vikings did it too. Pretty hard to be mad when we were just as guilty.
[NAME], “How dare you show concern for the wounded!” Made me chuckle.
Meh, I'm actually pissed at some of the people I usually defend for getting excited about this too.... we did lose our data.
I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD
I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans
Are you serious? Open up a fucking history book
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.
Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.
Very well said, thanks and couldn't agree more!
One of my favs was when we were in the playoffs against the Habs and we won all five fights in a line brawl
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.
Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too
Yo I love that game too it’s great
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.
It is awesome, and nothing turns me on more (as far as giving pleasure to my lover goes). Seriously.
"I have this problem. Sometimes my gaydar and my ""[NAME] interfere with each othrr"
He looks like a Loony Toons character
"What a fucking moronic jackass. ""This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"""
Dude you’re right but just because we draft someone in the 1st round doesn’t guarantee a starting caliber QB.
wtf i love basketball again.
I love this subreddit
"""YOU BUNCHA BASTARDS"" is one of my favorite quotes hahaha"
"""Eh"" Love it. "
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.
This is what I was looking for. I keep passing all the info up. I appreciate all the help!
Season 5 is the best IMO.
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build. 
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.
I LOVE [NAME]!!! She’s all around a really outstanding and kind human being
Interesting read. Thanks for sharing
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. 
Just goes to show how stupid they are
Yeah I was just trying to save some money and I've been alright with G2A before
If I were him, I would have made sure to fall HARD the second the first officer touched me. Congrats, you're getting paid kid. 
i want my nuggs mom!
Damn that coyote was a fucking noob.
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.
Great defensive hustle! Good job by [NAME] and [NAME]!
Would be fun if our sun was like this :3
You da best thanks
Hey, thanks for clarifying. I was trying to find news online without any luck.
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for
I hope [NAME] makes a full recovery.
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.
Lol ya mom
She has started therapy with an addiction specialist. That is a hopeful sign IMO. Wish she had started a while ago.
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!
She said that? Wtf?? That's fucked up. I shouldn't be surprised. Hypocrisy is common with this bunch.
not at all lol. me and my friends are makeout sluts though
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(
Yes. Less toxic =/= nontoxic.
This is ugly af sry
Damn right.
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
Downtown LA has some great Spanish/Hispanic clubs that play great [NAME] music. You should try La Cita, Las Perlas, or Las Cañas. All great clubs/venues.
oh thats nasty!
Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.
Scary times we live in.
Here’s hoping!
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol
Fuck the fucking refs. Seriously. Fuck those fucking cunts. I'm so fucking mad. Fucking dickless fucking street walking fucking sluts.
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.
From my point of view the freefolk are evil
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.
I was AF enlisted too hahaha
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.
Hahah is that what we call them here? Breeders? I'm not trying to be condescending that's just hilarious.
Congratulations on your relationship! I got a girlfriend too! She is imaginary right now but hopefully she will materialize soon enough!
Utah roads are definitely some of the best out there. Anywhere else I have lived has had either similar or worse, or waaaay waaaay worse
You're not retarded. It's a natural reaction to a lousy upbringing. Love your username BTW.
Minion #2: So should we warn [NAME], master? [NAME]: Ew no lol
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!
That motto is awesome!
I love you more
Myself and Mr. [NAME] agree small breasted women make the best lovers.
You only saw one piece of luggage. I’m not a fan of overly criticizing the things we don’t see.
Love reading these kind of posts! So happy for you.
Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.
Yea he’s a good shooter love playing as him in MyGm
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(
"Lol ""progressive reformer"". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are "
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.
Cute and acts like a puppy but sexy at the same time. Totally exists btw
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.
thanks for the correction.
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods
This is being said about every fucking update that lowers the skillgap. Yes, it does change the game because we're already affected
I find that kind of thing really funny too!
Congrats to your wife and you! Hope everything goes well!
[NAME] scoring when he wants. I'm loving his game. Unstoppable.
Put an echo or Alexa under it lol
Thanks for looking out. Trying to keep expectations low but already have date two planned! Fingers crossed.
I think it was more hope, we all make mistakes. I thought [NAME] was going to step up.
I’m not attractive but thank you.
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!
This guy is one of the best role models for [NAME]
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.
Happy B'day for Thursday!
It's a shame they have [NAME] because a Vuc package would be ideal
Great movie, almost timeless :)
"It's not ""over"". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better."
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.
Honestly, it would be even better if she handed the reigns to a brick. Then no deal definitely happens and everyone's happy ever after :D
Thanks for contributing to the point I just made. More complaining and self-assuring. Yap away.
yeeey [NAME], My purpose has been fulfilled Now I must go
Rain and snow, the whitetail mountains would have looked so nice covered in snow
Thanks, as a Vietnamese [NAME], I love cheap Viet lunches!
Not really, more of a toxic poverty problem. Women get overworked too.
Is a really worrying bench
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. 
His other book was interesting, The Age of EM
My girlfriend's creepy uncle gets extremely triggered when I point this out, or that a lot of conservatives are gigantic fudds.
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda
For the most part yes.
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying
lol this is good.
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **4th Cakeday** notasci! ^(hug)
Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.
Thank you! When I have more, I'll post it.
I hate y'all too
There is no way around it :(
I’m so sorry that happened to you. Are you feeling okay now? Thank you for the concern. ❤️❤️❤️
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.
I would try to find someone who wasn’t married and exploring sex parties because...I’m boring as fuck, I guess.
I was just kind of born into it, although ironically I was raised a cubs fan as well.
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?
Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.
Congratulations! :)
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.
Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.
That sounds frustrating!
Something cute and fluffy who gets to nap a lot, lol.
Thanks! We had fun.
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. 
i believe he has a minor ankle injury at the moment, i’m not too worried about his skating 
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends
i’m so sorry.....
Great video, not the same as the gilette ad but still full of a lot of information. 
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)
Everything is cool when no one gets hurt.. But as soon as something bad happens, we all scream idiots... Why...?
Steeler 4 life lol
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands. 
Ah. Okay. Good luck with work tomorrow.
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.
So, I'm wondering if there's something I can use for this project that will help you if it's solid.
so abused...
>You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. 
Great [NAME], love Oasis, saw this in theaters when I had the chance.
Man, thats ruthless. Lesson learned. Trust me, there will be a time when they actually need money and I really hope you say no. 
Uhh. Okay. Lol.
I wanna tell the antivaxxers how wonderful it is to deal with insulin shots and everything else and tell them to screw off. :3
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.
>the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.
Did you watch highlights of [NAME] vs [NAME]? [NAME] had amazing highlights but he isn’t the one competing for the Hart trophy now.
I just had a panic attack!
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.
[NAME] this is pretty funny bit of info he just revealed I guess he showed up and they were like yeah u got final say deal with it
You commie bastard
This is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.
How to PRETEND to have ice powers? Wikihow, *do you think this is a fucking game?!*
You have an amazing boss. You're so lucky.
Hahaha! Yes.
I'll try and search there. Thanks. Edit: it looks like a bunch of vampire story weebs but whatever
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!
Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!
It's better with sound, when I first watched it I cried laughing for 10 mins
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!
Don't apologize it has nothing to do with you, everyone here understands that.
If we just got rid of capitalism, everything would be great! 
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol
No worries. I'll look into this for sure.
No thank you 😉
Article says she was present when this happened sometimes and that she was physically and psychologically abusive as well
OMG thank you. Just thank you all
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.
I play around 2hs per day since launch. 1/2 Cuz I like the game. 1/2 In hope for a new expansión/fix to get the players back X:
Hmmm...I'm sure you were being very reasonable beforehand.
Hahaha ;)
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move
I like turtles
Thank you so much, fehduhp! I will tell her this. 
It's a shame you didn't get to see the event live. At least your followers get to see nice vertical view of what was going on.
Oh don’t worry, I have an oil for that
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol
Good job Clemson. You're becoming the new [NAME].
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.
No, thats just the glare from the sun
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.
black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. 
I love you too, no homo.
Lmao my jaw dropped when she started talking about that stuff with her friend
Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0
There is nothing gross about being gay. Just means we're different, but we still experience love. Love is not gross.
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!
that's ace, thank you so much 
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.
This seems like a colossally unimportant thing to sign a petition over.
Good. You know which ones you want keep your kids away from
.5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.
This sub is so edgy
I knew nothing about the cult, and it is one of my 2 or 3 favorite Netflix originals. 
These Red Dead Redemption graphics are amazing
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.
Haha, actually grandpa did! Go figure 
As row boats are abandonned all around it could be a very interesting little add . If , few randoms row boats had a old and used one in it
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s
I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.
Words of wisdom! Do spend that cash in upgrading your ability cards.
The world needs more Attack of the Killer Tomatoes memes.
BUT ATHEISTS ARE DOING THE SAME THING AND ARE TREATED BETTER. No. You're just being a bigot.
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.
Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.
I like [NAME], but I'd just rather spend more time with [NAME].
What a king. So sweet
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo 
[NAME] IS ABOUT TO BLOW THIS GAME UP! Edit: wow thanks for the silver
Thanks for your reply! Maybe I’ll try that game with him and see how he responds.
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD
Those are some interesting stats. I’m gonna save your answer so I can remember them for later discussions. Thanks for that.
Mornings can be hard, lol.
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts
Cool! Thanks for responding! ;)
You can do it! live the dream!
I bet he’s not going to visit their hall of fame in order to avoid meeting w/ [NAME]
I like them
They were and will always be the best couple in the show. Team Slexie for life!
That is really dumb. If you have a crime committed against you, you have a civic responsibility to report it. We need those stats. 
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.
It's a great town.
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico
But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc... 
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.
The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*
I learned a lot from helping my dad work on his car, namely how to stand very still and quiet while someone loses their shit over something.
I wish I could get a lazy Malinois. I love their look and Mal puppies are so cute! But I’m not a run-everyday dog owner.
But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. 
> Every billionaire is a policy failure Damn right!
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.
He's funny for sure... lol!
Thank you!
"""Seeeee! We have one of them coloureds too!"""
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.
Dammit, [NAME]! You're only hurting hardworking doggos with this shutdown!
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while
Your definition of a body is whats entertaining, laughable really !
It's not internalized homophobia, it's literally just an annoying voice.
This pleases me.
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly
That's Great to Hear.
The worst part is that if you had done the exchange, you probably still would have gotten in trouble. Gotta love retail.
Its a weird thing they do south of the border... they throw flour at each other. No idea why that's a thing.
I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.
lol reddit is for 10 year olds confirmed
No! but they seem awesome!
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable 
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful
[NAME] is pretty af
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her ""personality shining"""
That’s so precious and sweet 😭
That and useful idiots.
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed
>I don’t believe in changing the rules and laws however ... Then you believe [RELIGION] is in the 7th century for all times
I hope they bring him back. Last year was awesome
I will never forgive and never forget for this one
Overhead fans are absolute shit. They literally do nothing but blow dust around.
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM
Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.
Thanks for posting this! And happy cake day!
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn
My man.
Booty matters MUCH more in my opinion
Let’s get some shoes!
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.
Chances are you’ll be playing against potato players that are worse than bots, so I think you’ve got it in you.
I'd like to apologize on behalf of all Azwel mains.
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse
you deserve love too
No you don't, you love lies and liars. 
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time
Tread carefully , my friend. So many red flags.
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.
Lol I’m not a [NAME] bro. Sorry man.
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.
Future is bright to me!
Cheers, [NAME]!
Stay strong brother - it's coming.
Please let [NAME] live 🙏🏽
Eh. Totally possible. Even if he did know he's drunk and could be having a laugh about it.
I love your username, btw. Happy new year! 
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.
Wow, amazing job, Mr. [NAME]! Another liberal absolutely DESTROYED with facts and logic! So eloquent and wise...
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!
I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot
"""oh.... alright"" [NAME]"
My condolences.
Lol, no one can say that because you don’t know who the fucking shooter is. What’s going through your head?!
I watch it because I enjoy it
I've had them for as long as I can remember ;)
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!
> Is it weird to have more sympathy for animals than humans? It's frighteningly common, so not *weird*, but it's definitely sad
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...
Bingo - using market cap as your yardstick is as stupid as using GDP as a yardstick. One metric is never enough to capture a picture.
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.
We're playing great!
Hey, I get your point of view. I appreciate the explanation. :)
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women
Living his best life.
Ah yes thank u, now the image is very funny
I wish they would just let us stream their music. I have all their albums but every iPhone I get I have to redo the entire library 😴😴
Thanks [NAME]!
Teach her the importance of standing up for herself and being a strong person
I'd be ok with it if you get one less card when you mulligan
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.
I'd like to think [NAME] is joking, r-right guys? 
I love Florida
Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.
better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.
I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?
Kinda both. The show itself is mediocre and has pretty generic jokes in my opinion. But the fans make me dislike it even more.
I like your honesty
I just mean symbolically it's weird to call your own flesh a 'blanket'.
Suddenly, the **average** block confirmation became an unchangeable API paramter? Wow. Just wow.
`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅
You have nothing to feel bad about. It sounds like he needs to grow up and start paying his way.
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
As someone who went through school before the internet existed, yes, weird creepy kids existed. Although it was more in your face. 
Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!
I am so excited for tonight's episode! It's barely even started *_*
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”
My thoughts exactly. Love me some malicious compliance.
You can get trough it, it sounds like fucking bullshit, but you can
Did you just call me a *bitch*?? You will NOT disrespect me like this TODAY!
does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.
Thank you for the advice. It is really really appreciated. 🙂
This subs favorite game.
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!
Thanks for saying that, it wasn't easy ... definitely sparked a long period of discussion and reflection!
> The parents don’t parent anymore. I am sure this fact is well referenced in [NAME] new curriculum.
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.
Why don't you just tell us? We're all dying to know!
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY
Happy Cake Day! :)
Married to the love of my life. LOL
"Thats what makes me think OP is secretly the ""nice guy"" here."
This is awesome. nice!
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...
you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!! 
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!
I'd love an updated Garris!
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!
Yeah, I’m going to do my best to avoid a fight. She’d probably kill me. 
And why does he shame women for choosing a beautiful person over an ugly guy lol?
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!
Tanks being strong is the reason why ADCs get buffed.
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day
Thanks for the review, comments, etcetera.
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.
Tbh idgaf anymore too many people correct me and others over it. Who cares. But thanks for the enlightenment.
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault
oh, it's free with prime now, added to watch list.
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude
im still starving
Still pretty embarrasing though :p
Said there must be something in the water when talking about the oilers issues
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(
Ah alright, thanks for clearing that up.
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win
Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.
Why not streamlining that: the fine could be converted to the coverage for the poor students. A good gesture from legislators would help so much.
thats messed up...thats why i dont like reddit as much
A 31 one year old woman hitting on a 21 year man is just as grossm
I'm always happy to have you in my box.
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.
Such a nasty woman
I love the wire, never sad any thing bad about it just that it's from two decades ago
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring
It's gorgeous
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. 
lmao I didn't realize that error.
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”
Wow, Canada’s yellow vests are way cooler.
[NAME] face looks like some actress/model who I can picture in my head but I cant remember her name
good luck! i recently left the floor for an office job and couldn’t be happier.
Ya I sent one not too long ago.. I'll wait till my next try. Also I learned Sens a very crap selection for shot glasses.
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind
Your belief is literally killing children
Happy Another Day random strangers!
Oh yes! Here's an Imgur link to the first three I saw.
That's literally insane considering we're talking about [NAME] and [NAME].
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid. 
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression. 
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.
Your voice is beautiful, the lyrics are beautiful, you’re beautiful, and I’m crying. AMAZING JOB
Come on, New Day! Make it finally finally happen, [NAME]!
Her hair has looked it’s best since around 2015ish. I love the dark hair on her with the subtle pops of color.
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.
They played loud music on a ‘school night’, seriously! You’re backing the bastards here just to be contrary.
Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
This isn't uplifting. This is *enraging*. This is what the government should be doing not nine-year-old fucking children.
Yep. That will do it. Glad to hear the message finally sank in. Rehabilitation is the key to fighting recidvism.
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.
He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.
Feel the energy! Amazing PK and two great goals!
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.
No one comes here it’s cool
Yeah it’s ridiculous. I mean I’m crying about the model but I still spent the money lol
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
As someone who live less than a hour where she’s from, it’s definitely fabricated/exaggerated.
no not really i knew he was joking i was just clarifying what the bloke said
Really like Molotov, such a great song!
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.
He will but the Chiefs will absolutely have a shot because the Pats defense is egregious on the road. I mean they let [NAME] go off lol.
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight
I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths
"""I care about the nation and the world"" and ""I'd rather let trump win than vote democrat"" are opposites of eachother"
I think it’s funny, especially those eyes! Lol
Aw Thank You.
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.
Lol oooops!
XD lol yes. Ragnarok
I couldn't even get an internship for Human Resources without having 2-3 years 'Real World' experience. Still in customer service, with a ton of debt. 
[NAME] is going to love her!
Sure would hate to explain sodium and water to them as they sprinkle salt on their food.
I’ve only gotta PC, so I legit googled this thinking that this was actually what happened hahahahahahha
Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.
Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo
She shows her face and doesn't hide behind fake names on Reddit .
You didn't deserve to win after drafting [NAME] in the 2nd
I just discovered her channel recently too! She's hilarious and I love watching all the diet tryouts.
That sounds terrible, man. Have you been to a doctor yet?
She is looking like [NAME] to me in this pic.
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.
I'll make a note of this. Thanks!
Aquaria looks great but her eyebrows look like gummy worms lmao
In that case, I’m appalled. 
Have a good one!
More like 11 feet up, but still painful. 
Why does [NAME] also steal [NAME] revolutionism
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha
Same. The low cloud is neat, but to me the emptiness of that area of downtown is what's striking.
Eh happiness is just a fleeting fish in an ocean of emotion. You can catch it a few times but dont expect to live off it.
I will have nothing to do with this specter, who selectively appears to individuals and abandons others. No better than a cruel warlord.
That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.
DoorDash can deliver my White Castle's at 3am, that makes me happy
I really love that game. It's so chill, I played it a lot. 
Ah, fair enough.
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. 
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC
The best, besides the hundreds of other games that are better. You know, like how Mcdonald's has the best food in the world. 
I've got no idea who you are but thanks for trying anyway.
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.
This shit got me rolling LMFAO
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.
You should play PoE its a better game in every single aspect, you'll love it.
If they could just let us customize the lines it’d be fine
Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too
Oh man that title hurt my brain.
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty
Haha be careful how you bring this up to him, maybe say you read his note, or he might think you’re out to get him
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.
Shut up, [NAME]. 
I'm just now going through the replies on this thread. This is the first person I've looked up on Spotify. Thank u for the recommendation!
"Hence I used ""weird"". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up."
I totally would tbh. He's a very handsome man.
I'd take either without a second thought, in all honesty. Ideally both.
The latter is a good description of the last 16yrs of my marriage (now over, thank the gods). 
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!
Thank you for turning me vegan, good person!
That's a great idea!
What the Fuck?
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy
Update: still alive, the paranoia is gone 
This is actually kinda funny
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!
Hahaha okay that actually made me laugh. Thanks man
[NAME] is letting [NAME] play 3 :0. That is good news.
He’s bad
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao
Hahaha, that's true for all their series.
WE ARE WINNING THIS GAME
I accept your failure and wish you a good day.
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.
They didn’t take it; you abandoned it. A TSA agent clarified that for me once. I hope you can replace it easily.
This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.
I'm NoT LiKe ThOsE oThEr DeSiS.
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.
Sweet home alabama No but for real, is that even legal? You should stop having sex with her.
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.
I have clinical depression so my mind pretty much has this outlook on any slight thing that doesn't go my way in life. Thanks for your comment.
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.
You clearly know exactly what your talking about with your medical terminology...damn your intelligent. 🖕
Life will always get better regardless of ones situation or condition or whatever, life will indeed get better. It might take a while but it will. 
[NAME] what an asshole.
Please [NAME] that’s how I want to go!
:) i like it
Thank you. We literally had stopped her an hour before she made her break.
Thank you! It makes so much more sense
Thankyou! Good luck with your search! An AP is out there for you!
So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.
Did you buy a new saddle as well. Also need to go to settings and set as default or make it active.
Dirty Southern Wankers
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.
Sadly my boyfriend's family is the direct opposite but we'll still make it work :3
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.
Thank you so much! We will likely also be doing that haha :)
Welcome to the family! Don't let toxic fans, especially Twitter, get the best of you. Let's go canes!
[NAME]. Your mom will never be your boys best friend. That part is so cute!
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.
I cant stand [NAME]
I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother. 
Very cool thanks!
I am impressed with how fast he located the position of the camera, that takes real skill inside Amway..
I hate when I get extremely bored doing something that was once all consuming.
Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.
I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!
I can actually read it easily now. Good work
Thank I may just try to find halal store and buy snacks that are popular . I heard even marshmallow may not comply.
OMG THOSE TINY SHOES! *desire to boop snoot intensifies*
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)
Bah gawd, she is broken in half!
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time
Interesting. See, that seems much more adult. And actually makes sense. The things we do in the US man...
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.
Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game
my [NAME] this is just *yes*
Reject your humanity voluntarily and put the pure hatred, lack of moral, sociopathy and sadistic altitude inside of your soul with no way to turn back.
Her elitism is what earned her the place here. She's clearly a lefty statist.
Ah the high life. Must be sweet.
I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.
You okay, buddy? 
Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.
So true, thank you for posting this.
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!
I like how the ceremony goes right out the window after he delivers the rings to get all the pets.
Outside of Belpedio we really don't have a lot of decent call ups on D. PS It's amazing how much [NAME] has improved this year.
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.
The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.
THIS is a good reply, and I have kids.
I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.
Coherence, The One I Love
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now
“That’s up to you” Clearly it is not up to you, or you wouldn’t have had a flipping miscarriage! 
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!
put it in a drink, preferably a soda. Its great to sip on!
[NAME] a bastard man
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called ""religious liberty"" laws, soo...there's that."
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)
Because no one was seriously hurt - - - It's hard not to watch this without laughing.
If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I ""look [RELIGION]"" and get the same hate."
I would say the answer is better education, not disenfranchisement based on socioeconomic circumstances, but you do you I guess.
Oh fuck off already.
I love those possum dives!
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.
Congrats on quitting my man. [NAME] speed in your recovery.
"The weird part of our ""rivalry"" is that some people bought into it."
As a high libido female, I feel the same with posts from males. It's slightly relieving to know someone else struggles the same way.
you have [NAME], you'll live.
One of our friends (seen in pic) wanted to make a poster today. I provided the idea, he created this masterpiece.
Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there
Guy quotes [NAME] lol. Juicy
Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.
[NAME] 10 year challenge is looking good!
I want to undo it, like it tasted good, but just **AGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh**
came in here ready to congratulate myself for the hot take of voting for [NAME] over [NAME] before realising that I didn't see [NAME]
the world is becoming very boring...
Yes, this at least makes sense. 
Which makes zero sense lol
This report is going to be bullet proof
He looks like the demon all the other demons beat up for lunch money
or a horrible night of 15/4/4
Totally agree, but what is Scott's Totts?
I’m still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that it’s still on its way.. :)
"I'm more concerned that the kid's name is ""[NAME]""."
Was hoping for a per bear on the other side, or maybe a running woodchipper.
It could also be that coupledom is the wrong way to live for OP.
Holy crap OP this is genius! I’ll be doing this from now on as this is a big problem for me, thanks!
"I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with ""yo"". I ended us."
At least we've always got other people here who understand.
That's the worst urinal ever.
And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless. 
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad
Literally everywhere. There's nothing especially Texan about any of this. I heard all of this in freaking SCONSIN.
That would be very cool and a nice non-HP bar visualization.
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.
Well done Kepa get in!!!!
Ooh, the pupil proportion was wonderful at this time.
you dont have to sign up for anything, just literally paste the output of the script.
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.
Thank you for saying this! (Extended breastfeeding mom of a 2.5 yr old here.)
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.
love that, we need more women like you 
Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.
Girl, wear what you want. Here in Michigan, we get accustomed to cold. No, I'm not freezing just because you are.
As much as I love cold fries, reddit karma is oh so good!
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.
"I thought the army would be like the top image. ""Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.
Hot take: [NAME] sucked after he went away to anger management and he suddenly changed into a moron who was completely incapable of doing anything even remotely correct.
The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.
I didn’t think about that side of it, thanks!
Rip ok lol
Thanks for the info, not gonna risk the ban. 
you are fucking amazing. stay strong 💓
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.
No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection. 
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!
I like [NAME] so far, but I know I'm alone in that.
If you’re downloading from windows I believe so
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.
How to instantly look 20 years younger!
[NAME] gave me depression because had I been left unchecked I would have bested him in hand to hand combat by age 16
[NAME] has a fun instagram
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love! 
Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.
The cynic in me is pretty sure they don't really do any of that.
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.
Yeah I realised that a bit too late. I still wanted to further explain myself regardless but thank you for being nice about it.
I actually laughed at this
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.
Love it.
You didn’t change my mind, but that’s actually a very interesting thought “the Skywalkers are the imbalance”.
If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot
Good stuff man. Love the passion.
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible 
But I love solids
This sub is going to be so ridiculous until he signs somewhere lol
Was hilarious. RIP Roman
If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!
Really funny how our FO liked the 2 of the worst qbs. [NAME] and [NAME] That’s why I’m skeptical about our FO now
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.
I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.
Ahah! I bring tidings of good news for you friend, [NAME] has heard our cries and is WELL AWARE of our desires for Co op
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”
I was just quoting the president (through his press secretary) to be honest.
YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.
Thank you for this
That's hilarious, and a much better way to play doctor than some of the kids I've heard of! :)
I'll message you when I have the time to play! :) Ty!
that was such a misstep from their PR. wtf were they thinking people were expecting with a public countdown
Hope + Sabres = Mistake Just remember that you love hockey and do your best to enjoy the ride.
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.
Wow, congratulations!! Hugs 
omg [NAME] is so pretty
She just did a story about hitting 3k followers.. all thanks to HHH lol
Always happy to help
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.
Yeah... but did you know he was undrafted out of Minnesota State?
If you can't do your jobs you risk fucking losing them.
Good luck! If you do need to get her, you just gotta fuse together a Bicorn and a Jack Frost.
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out
It would be interesting to know what you've learned about other sects of [RELIGION].
What a great haircut
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw."
I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.
Haha, glad someone was able to point you in the right direction then 
Fair enough. I miss working meat
I love the outfit that [NAME] is wearing
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that
Yea sounds like a great way to teach your children that stalking and harrassing = love. Husband only hits you bc he loves you!
No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].
Less expensive than chain-link. Needs warning signs, though, and be within his property line.
Yes! Though I also do sofrus. Learning to write mezuzos and another megillah at the moment.
huh. if there’s no pain, you’re fine. maybe just use spray on like axe or something to detour the smell 
Oh I didn't know. Please give me his P.O. Box address so I can submit them immediately. Cause I am definitely uninterested in blowing out my intestines.
Same. Body hair (on my own body..I don't care what anybody else does with THEIR body hair) grosses me the fuck out.
omg he could soft feint headbutt into GB thank god i wasnt around when that was possible
I want to be a rapper. I also like to write poetry and stuff. So to be successful with those things also I want to design clothing.
It is a very good opportunity for him to learn not to care so much about his hair.
I love sliding so yea
I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad 
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?
That's unfortunate for you.
This made me laugh way harder than it should have
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally
“Don’t discipline my kid!”
I know many bf who would be excited for that
Crafty little bastards.
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.
But I feel like such a tool!
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.
Thank you for sharing your experience. It adds much needed hope.
It would be exciting I guess.
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7
Thank you. I have been watching a lot of porn lately and jerking off more and i think that helps. How are you doing?
Sorry I am foreign, and might have come across wrong. Anyways it has to happen at some stage?
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.
Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️
Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL
I remember all the Bolt-on jokes this sub was making when it happened. All the best [NAME]
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you
Bunch of incels
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. 
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be
My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected
You seem fun
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. 
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]
Goddamn it...
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.
Ha ha, that's absolutely fair enough. :)
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥
Good answer -- thanks!
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it
As a matter of fact I do plan to go to germany, and I am already at B2 level in german
Looked like it hurt
You need to tell the poor girl it was you not her lol
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but it’s too annoying.
"I didn't know that kind of ""full-tang"" existed. Good to know. "
I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!
So cute and there would be nothing with talking to her about it after and both being on the same page
You need to make sure that healthy food is within convenience for the players so that they don’t end up eating 2 minute noodles every day
"He looks like he is GTFO after that. ""The tiger shark is second only to the great white in recorded fatal attacks on humans.[7]"" "
That’s an early contender for title of the year 2019. Bravo.
Think you need more gin with it and you will be alright next time
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.
What an idiot.
I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍
Now defeat your dragons and clean your room.
Pay this man
"I am sorry for offending you "" WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn"" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol"
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.
Hahaha how old are your sons? They're mixin' batches with your body wash hahaha
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE
I am sorry human being :(
Nope, but is that a thing people who talk about digestive enzymes over lunch breaks should do? 
Some could shake out and slide down your pants leg, good call.
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+
Holy shit! Did not see that coming! Gonna miss you [NAME] :(
I laugh, but I genuinely believed this until I was 8 or so.
People with autism are awesome. Atypical, interesting, passionate, expressive, and awesome.
Thanks [NAME] but I don't think you understood the context of the phrase in my post and you should probably just fuck off.
Definitely the second.
Everyone panics when they are on fire.
Oh sorry, I'll do that.
See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.
Makeup is magic my friend!
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.
You must be fun at parties.
not surprised it’s too challenging for you to read
Hahaha perfect.
Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.
"""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"" "
Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.
Damn this is dope
That was fun
I picked up smoking again thinking it would aid that void that is working. It just made it worse.
I’m so glad they remastered that game, I’m having a blast playing it again
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round
I stopped trying a long time ago. I actually feel much better (most days anyway)
Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.
For be just being a handsome guy works wonders.
You look chunky
I'm pretty sure this is the classic case of spending the time between sets laying on the equipment and texting/chapchatting/facetiming
Doing a happy dance! Yay!
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or
Haha! [NAME] aside, that is *wonderful*!
You can turn right on red!
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...
Always and I appreciate your opinion good sir
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.
Nobody is shaming them for trying to stop article 13. Youtube is being shamed for being hypocrites.
She sounds hideous.
Silver is actually not bad in terms of people playing good comps... its when you get to low gold and high gold that keep me liking silver lmao.
I know I’m late, but happy cake day :D
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.
why are other dashers such [NAME] 🤣who made y’all so upset
[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.
If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.
I love my audio technica AR3BT
"[NAME], the ""launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]"" one made me lose it."
You are an awesome partner.
Comedown is only a tenth of addiction. Addiction is when you find a high that you love more than yourself. Be careful.
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.
That’s literally the stupidest thing ever If you think that what is stopping it to be applied to more than just bi-sexuality Seems a bit self destructive
Its worth it for the other big character they bring in.
This makes me unfathomably angry.
That's cute. Sincerely Nepal, 7.6
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.
Kill whitey!
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 1937 - 2016 = Polls not very accurate 2016 - 2019 = Oh yeah, polls have evolved, they're like super accurate now 
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂you win the internet today 😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂
Appreciate you homie
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG
Aww. That's cute. You're right back at square one.
"Dentist did this to me I hate it. I knew i should have waited until ""it wad worse"" but i didn't. I regret it "
This brings a smile to my face
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good 
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.
So incredibly sweet!
Oooo, shiny! (Is the blue one the new one?)
Girl I got you. guys haven’t experienced culture where basically every girl calls herself fat or tries to restrict their eating because they have insecurity or dysmorphia
Not what this sub is for and this doesn't make you look like a good person but ok
Stop giving panhandlers money. They dont need it.
Sad. My condolences to her family.
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)
My life is complete
Its an unpopular opinion because it kind of makes you sound lika a douchebag and its lowkey homophobic edit:meant to reply to [NAME]
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?
Happy cake day! Have a great day and year, cheers. 
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.
Biting the hand that feeds them
Nice! I’m glad you liked it. Have fun exploring :)
Thanks. It’s extremely hard to keep in mind
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. 
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*
there's no ventilation shafts in the dumb things, block the exits and make a bonfire.
THEY ARE SO CUTE TOGETHER!!
So I have a hobby, I'm passionate about my 2nd Amendment rights, and I dont post/comment on reddit often. Your point?
This thread is being brigaded by atheist/agnostics. They are just here to cause trouble. Look at OPs post history.
Stars don’t get chicks my dude. Good way to let everyone know you are a fucking goober
Stay right there, I’m gona try it right now and report back
Awesome - welcome aboard and tell your friends!
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.
So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!
Oh that’s terrifying
No. Not the I. :(
I know he lives in Texas and I have his phone number and things like his name and age but nothing else really.
I don't even care about the draft, I've tasted playoff hopes and I'm not going back.
The most my dad did to help with the housework in 35+ years of their marriage was to lift his legs while mum vacuums around the couch
Genuinely laughed really hard
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill
Keeps going tho. Kids got heart
That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.
i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly
watch us play better without him
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER
I want the real thing because animals are nice and labs are not. I love animals. I want more of them
I wish I could be as cute as that :c
Yay!!!!! You’ve got this!!!!
Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)
[NAME], Big Bang Theory is terrible so glad it's going to be gone.
I really love playing him and going against him. Legion is overall my favorite killer. I respect everyone hating him although I dont understand why.
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked
I feel like Tankathon was made for or by magic fans. Such an amazing website lol
The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people
The “targets” so far has been guilty.
[NAME]? Nah, that's him in the background. The idiot with the leaves is [NAME]. It's always fucking [NAME].
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!
Totally. I'd be happy if they put the food directly into my hands.
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. 
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.
I enjoy the harsh throat hit, reminds me of cigs. Edit: Mango is still my favorite though.
😂 I get excited when I see a profile OLD for a state employee.
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown. 
Given that you're not a conservative and this isn't a debate sub, how about you just get the hell out and stay out.
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though. 
I've seen muuuuuch weirder. But that was confusing as hell. LOL!
Ya did good, kid. 
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.
Quad turret hopefully
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.
You sound angry.
Great post, glad you had a good time here. Xpost it to r/travel. 
Lol it's not a bad dance, what's cringe worthy is people getting so upset over a video game 
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.
Thanks, [NAME].
Thats true. Those kinds of drinks can give you a heart attack.
[NAME] is amazing how dare you
he's an awesome bro
Congrats on being clean, and having a great team mate! 
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!
Yay, another second tier free agent over 30. Thank God we're making a market for these players. Go Mets!
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???
The greater good
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)
I'm also happy you're still here!!
I love democracy
This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.
Excellent find. Panels like these are a very deliberate writing choice.
I dont go because it ends 1 of 2 ways. Either im sick or im not. I dont like either of those answers.
This is horrible
So predictable. I bet the bomb is in the puck. Anyway, im exited for the [NAME] and the robot butler cameo.
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.
You’re doing a fantastic job at keeping things together. Have faith that you’re on the right track, and things WILL work them-self out.
No, that's Generation Z. Instagram is their fault.
Let’s not get creative again
Lol I felt like I was reading my own tinder story...
My cockatiel is sitting on my knee. I gave him a hug and promised no more pets.
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.
I loved it so much! I really wish they had better paths for [NAME] though. Poor guy!
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him. 
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D
happy cake day!
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.
Yeah the lack of visibility of the survey likely means the survey is gonna be skewed towards people who are extremely online on this sub specifically.
 Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela. 
Agreed, especially considering so many pets that were once given as a gift are abandoned later anyway.
Sydney is not for you
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery
Considering I only play in a 4 man group across most games. I'm good thanks.
About every direction, down gives you the same problem as up and every other direction is less effective to escape.
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.
He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.
Oh thats weird. It opens the google maps app installed on my phone so i dont have that problem.
Thank you for subscribing to Bull Facts ^^TM !
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.
I like you [NAME] :)
Thank you for commenting exactly what I was going to comment and saving me the trouble!
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit. 
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about. 
It's too bad they don't use that gorgeous high altar.
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry. 
OK, thanks I'm gonna delete it and post it in another sub reddit.
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!
I partly disagree. In an argument that stupid, whoever writes more text than the other person is inevitably the bigger moron.
TBH I would definitely wear this with my denim jacket, but I wouldn't buy a huge lathe and carving tools to make it. 
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4
great!! thank you
It could have heat resistant padding on the other side. Honestly in the 1940s it's probably asbestos on the inside lol
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.
Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS
nice try, FBI!
A car. Let someone else eat the immediate depreciation and break it in for you.
Unite us. Unite the clans.
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.
This guy sports entertains.
I will, no worries.
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs
I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.
Oohhooo that's cold (& very good!)! 🤣
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.
I miss you big strong daddy
FaceTime actually sounds like a brilliant solution. I don't know why I didn't think of that, but I'm glad you did! 
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing ""fiire"""
I don't believe it is. like other posters have said, you can do better. I know it's hard but you are strong. 
Lmao Chicago coach is letting [NAME] die, their backup would probably fare worse to be fair though
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist
>This is proven if you ever played NBA 2K. Lmfaoooooo
A sea of red flags. Make this guy your ex, you deserve better. 
[NAME] investigation has already paid for itself thanks to Manafort. Try harder.
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
This exchange made my day. From a female doc, thanks for getting it. 
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net."
Yo good for you!
Ice at the office sounds like such a luxury to me! I wish!
"""Sigh"" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it ""Upvotes angrily"""
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate
Yeah, and I always thought the dude in these comics was supposed to be like 30 years old. 
So basically Syracuse needs two starters out and a bunch of circus shots to compete lol. Is what it is I guess
I can only focus on that pastry.
Well thank you for all that you are doing. Have you considered becoming a dispatcher too while you are at it? Haha
I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.
He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.
This sounds hard, but not too bad! I'll try some of this. Thanks!
Yeah lets hope so, i hear the IRA is very forgiving of rich folk.
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt
Okay I will, thanks so much you are helpful. I don’t even know if she is into me or anything but... I will see. 
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that. 
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.
This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!
Genuinely fascinating.
that's amazing, gives me hope. 
GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
I don't even cook the steel cut! I just love the chewiness! I'm usually fuller longer with steel cut too.
I wish someone would do this for me.
I support the idea of punishing [NAME] without trying to injure [NAME].
Upvoted twice because this is EXACTLY what they think it is and it sucks rat balls.
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.
One of my favorite war movies ever. The cast and soundtrack are unbelievable
[NAME], I’d like to buy a letter A...
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. 
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.
Thanks for the hot take, /u/cumosaurusgaysex
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??
Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”
Sorry, every time I try a link post my post fails, I’m just doing a text post. 
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.
Pretty big signs that something can be pretty fun and effective when you get these same shitty, selfish teammates.
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying
Just be good and you won’t lose, ez
Ask and you shall receive. Thanks man
Match highlights for those interested, it was a very fun match
2018, more disappointment. 
That would be fun
Ahhhh That's rich.
Excellent idea, thank you!
me too thanks
To bad your mother didn’t swallow your dumbass
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. 
School Board Trustees are leeches of the system in any district. It's the most unnecessary position that does nothing more than continuous damage.
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!
Thank you thank you!! I have a feeling I will be reading for a while!
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.
Thank you!!! /s
Omg that was the WORST
No offense, but your parents are assholes.
Can you please make one for ps4 with (movie) [NAME], [NAME], and Palp please?
Remember how we always joke about being willing to buy GameStop for like $3.50? Looks like the other corporations said the same thing.
My best guess is that it means 155 won, 6 lost, 839 drawn.
Okay, two men's fault.
No. Just no.
Its just a prank bro.
You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends. 
god i love [NAME]
They gonna be some big books, don’t you worry. 
Thank you, really. I always thought so, but it’s nice when other people see it too.
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣
Thanks, I wouldn't have noticed the car without it.
As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting
My [NAME] is pretty cool too
The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe
Hope you feel better soon. Probably won't happen, but good feeelings sent your way.
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.
If those are your main issues with IL you are gonna love TX. I hope that doesnt come across as sarcastic.
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential
This is the best. I love it
Be strong. I've felt the same way before in my living situation. I hope things go your way, keep us updated!
I come to this sub to see cool things lol. For me it's a better version of /r/pics
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good
Suffering from success...
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes
Planning to make a comeback soon™
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.
How the fuck is that not ticketable.
Thank you. It feels better knowing that this is not an unheard of thing.
That's just sad if it's for a game
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6
His definition of a grown man is someone who drinks irresponsibly and then beats people up. GET OUT.
Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.
Oh nice. What lvl on Siege?
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!
We have a lot of people flying in and out of the country. No change to the usual lines, so not bad at all.
Bit of a rant there, but I get it. This comes off as super pretty. 
Genius. I'm so doing this
Plus corporations are universally unethical
Wow thanks I gotta try this!
Good ol best available dasher
The [NAME] directed Swiss Army Man. Check out their music video for Turn Down for What. It’s lovely.
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.
What does that have to do with [NAME] having sex with a child, what's the point you're trying to make with that piece of information?
The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.
This is probably the most realistic if we throw in a 1st, 
Get some deodorant and soray her every time shr sprays the cat
Hahahaha!! I was thinking the exact same thing. But you could really feel the excitement while reading! 10/10
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂
yea so disgusting
Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.
I miss him...
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep
old school from back when we won the cup
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL
yeah. many people mentioned that. also Shield Brah questions beastmen racism .
Yes, amazing price! Everyone I told was completely shocked!
Lol hows that different then [NAME]
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.
Ace here! I do masturbate and enjoy it, I just feel no sexual attraction or desire to have sex with other people.
Interesting to see the bulk of people in that thread are pretty anti-[RELIGION].
"My dog knows when I say ""BRB"" on the mic he gets up and runs to the door."
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.
Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...
I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. Either way. Lol
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock
Haha I actually didn't know about its existence! I honestly wonder how much of that map I've actually seen though. So many hours. Lol
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.
I really want to know what the coordinates he gave him are
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.
I can help.
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though
Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)
Oop my bad
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.
I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!
I am real excited for this, I just hope they don’t ruin it.
I think it quite apparent I was being satirical in saying Mississippi.
I wouldn't have thought if you hadn't mentioned Harry Potter. I appreciate the reminder. Teamwork!
Haha! I love it. That’s exactly how it would go.
*I hate laughing!*
thank you for your kind words.
Signing [NAME] and [NAME] is not fucking around? Lol
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.
It would be nearly impossible to get to the point of being immobile/bedbound without someone enabling you hand and foot.
He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.
Hi [NAME], I love you, that is all. Can't wait to see you in Worcester in February!
hhhh, lol 
I was actually thinking naming it hardcore mode Would make it more enticing for people too. Funny you called it that.
Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours
i love you.
> traffic through there in the summer is awful because that’s where everyone wants to be. your life starts to revolve around bridge time.
definitly whining my dude
Yes I would love to see!
[NAME] definitely needs to be on the left side he has such a great shot that he's perfect as a [NAME] type player on the powerplay.
Haha Nice. I finished paying [NAME] back about a year ago. Great feeling! Congrats.
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!
Thank you very much, I'm glad you found it easy to follow!
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! 
Ditto!!!
Now go to a return? Oh ok, thanks for the store to find something better.
Glad your happy but also what
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.
I guess. I'm going to try getting in better shape, and just socialize more.
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!
You're not [NAME] about your joke, good pun there mate
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.
This hurts me more than the fan meme.
You might want to let your attorney know about this encounter. I wish I could send you some teabags and a hug.
Happy Cake day.
I laughed at this harder than I'd expected to. Also, joke's on them when those turds freeze solid like everything else in the Midwest rn.
Have fun getting robbed
Both good and not so good, but mostly good! You should DESTROY HER. NOBODY NEEDS TO TAKE UP THAT MUCH SPACE ON THE CURB. 
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life
She looks late 30s. She’s gorgeous.
Agree completely with this statement
Yeah, I completely agree. I was just making fun of this sub for seeming like they only want girls wear hoodies lol.
This is such a lame idea. Instead of getting better and outplaying your opponent, you just want to make your opponent worse. Sad.
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.
Religion is different. It's not just facts and information.
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.
I recommend here a kind of jazz bar that enjoy a meal and drink. Famous place in seoul
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.
I love Arkansas. /s.
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.
Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!
Communists love the state, make no mistake. It's either totalitarian statism or mob rule, which commies would fail miserably at. 
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.
I'm sorry to hear that! But thank you for sharing I imagine several years of not seeing someone you care about would be draining!
I’d be proud AF if my kid suffered from Cerebral Palsy and was able to do the paralympics dash. Thank you for answering.
Going to jump sides 2nd half lol
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).
Thank you good sir! I didn’t know this was a thing!
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.
Awesome! I'd love to see some if you ever post pics :)
Hey mate, just know that if you need someone to talk to, I'm ready to listen. Hope things will get better for you, anyway. 
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area
You forgot blue passports
Rofl this pysyk kid is a disgrace
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!
He's 34 years old.
Hell yes!
thanks you too
This!!!! Just. THISSSS.
You’re right but territories haven’t been around for decades
USA Trash is [NAME] beloved gift to Canada. Thanks [NAME]. Nice hair though!
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.
you give him way too much credit with this one
You got it, just keep doing whatever you were doing the past 20-whatever days. Constrict that demon, dude.
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game
I’m seeing a doctor tomorrow. Thanks for caring
Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!
Isn’t SOHR group of people(organisation)? lol dont tell me its just one guy.
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately
All the best!
It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.
100% feel for you. I may be exaggerating slightly but still it’s all these little disadvantages that we get put at because of this ping.
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
Your pro controller tho, tops.
[NAME]. Yeah, right. Lol
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol
I feel like this should be a copypasta... It's correct and I want the message to be spread...Can we make this a thing lol
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL
Our knight in shining armor. I'll miss those high socks
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends
Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.
No? Lol
Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!
Hey easy there, she’s a nice lady 
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.
I know! So relieved.
They’re my favorite. Just little chunkers that can’t fly and just wanna bang.
That [NAME] part killed me!
you're just pretending you dont know what this cartoon is about, it's utterly ridiculous. 
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. 
Ahhh more and more selfish
That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. 
> a mother in law unit Apropos of this and not the main thing.. lol! We call them granny flats in Aus :)
Yeah, I might have used the wrong word.
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?
Such a *great* feeling
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)
You're a bad person, but a great [NAME].
We need to do something about [NAME] because he's fucking my fantasy team up
You said that it is a fact that [NAME] is a rapist based on the testimony of 1 person. I merely stated the same argument based on your logic.
That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.
Yep, they still have the youth sweatshirts as of a couple days ago. Wish they had adult sizes!
I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.
Aww that makes me happy!
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people 
You sound fun at parties
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you. 
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha
SUCH A NICE GUY.
Surely a ferry could be more cost effective and fun than that.
[NAME] Falafel in Dearborn has some of the best around.
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. 
Obvious satire lol
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy
Ugh yeah it’s really tiring. I’m in a public place right now and just had like, 3 mood swings. 
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.
Spending the day with family in beautiful Bowral 🌿
I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.
I mean, yes. But in terms of real dollars, they will still pay a lot more taxes than before.
Congrats, proud of you ! Hopefully I can follow your lead and get myself out of a similar situation 
I’m sorry where is that?
Thank you and I try to keep our contact at a minimum.
Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!
I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.
He is the best
Happy cake day
I love your honesty. What you wrote expresses fears and questions similar to mine. Thank you so much.
Hahahaha I love this man
Please stop cussing.
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.
Same, I zoomed in, skeptical AF that this could be a painting! Wow!
That's not a denial 🤔
Annnnd that's too far. I think you should go home and rethink your life.
This is so good!!
Lol I’m just joking the “we did our due diligence part” is prime lynch talk haha
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.
love after lockup makes DOT posts look like the most sensible things ever!!!!
Wow, this is terrifying.
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed
Will do. Have a good night man.
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. 
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.
Haha. Yeah there is a vaccination now. When I was a kid my parents did the same thing. It hadn’t been developed yet.
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤
Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?
He's an altogether better grappler IMO, and so much fun.
[NAME] face looks so cute here. What happened. Too many fillers ?
Go take a shower your personality stinks
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website
Yeah i miss lectures for this exact reason. Its pretty bad, but what can ya do :/
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are
Why irritated? I’m sure you said lots of nice stuff about [NAME] at the time.
Thank You All for your comments. Thank god I wasn’t alone on feeling this.
That whole video was very interesting, thank you for that!
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year. 
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!
The kind you enjoy & can fully devote yourself to.
I feel retarded because i laughed
Hurr durr, put well regulated back in the constitution. Ok [NAME] the fucking [NAME].
What absolute garbage
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. 
The greatest out of context quote ever.
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend
So many players from the current crop are going to end up on 300+ games, crazy to think how exclusive it was not too long ago
As long as [NAME] isn't suggesting [NAME] to the Lakers I'm ok with pretty much any Ringer rumor
We need mark-ass brownlee
actually pretty hot tho
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].
This is the funniest thing I’ve seen today
I've only seen the beginning of this video...until today.
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.
I like how the [NAME] stood there like what the fuck and then just accepted his death.
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.
I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.
Wish you good luck
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂
I got the exact same message from tati yesterday ! She said on her twitter that it's definitely a scam
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish
I have a solid plan in place, definitely not an impulse decision. Just curious about other people’s experiences. 
Nope, try to keep up.
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.
Probably stop school shootings hehe
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.
This man has a great attitude!
I've wanted this for so long.
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program
As a white man on the internet I'm outraged... because I had to laugh and laughing hurts right now : (
Yeah, I guess you’re right! I’ll definitely try talking to him. Thank you
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol
Very sure they are metal.
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy
Well damn, sounds more reliable then shit like and all that
Wow, automated can collection is news in 2019? Literally have done this for a decade minimum...
A 70’s Pontiac bonneville , it was a huge boat.
The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment
I agree about that hill and visibility. Why they put that Starbucks in a poorly accessed place is beyond me.
Enchanted - [NAME]😍
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)
My first Hawks jersey was #81. Praise be.
Ah, I love a quality rant, OP. Please keep up the good work! :)
And I will laugh at everyone wasting their first round pick on him.
Lol only a snowflake would call that a harassment campaign
That's exactly what I said and not arguing in bad faith at all. I applaud your intellectual honesty and hope your sexually repressed dystopia is swiftly enacted.
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
You know more liberals want more gun control than regular [NAME] do, right? 
5 days?!? But I'm mad now!
Holy shit. Amazing response.
I think I love you mate😂
For the night is dark and full of terrors!
Man, what a great post Edit: wow! Thanks for the kind, gold stranger!
good luck. I'm hoping to get hrt this year and be a girl for my senior year.
Thank you I appreciate it
Thanks man! Helped me out quite a bit.
"!remindme 4 days ""Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"""
Oy! NOW THAT'S REALLY PISSED IT OFF!!
This post is amazing. Definitely starting to see good days and life just kept improving after my Nex. Thank you for this
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.
Posting someone elses camp on reddit? Really? haha.
What a terrible list
I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips
Good point, I never thought about that. I guess I don't see enough commercials regularly to separate them from just other company agenda videos. Thanks!
I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.
Someone just needs a hug
I want to learn this, but booze seems to make me even more silent.
Im so sorry
Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad
Wow. If it shows calls on the bill then what good is it? Glad I asked...
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.
He was a good dude.
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point
I'd take Florida winning it all this year, just so it's not Bama/Clemson 5
Well thats just mean.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
Coinbase LOL people think place is the answer. I think it’s Cancer.
How can they expect you to write if you can't read? /s
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.
Time to get new friends. This one clearly doesn’t appreciate you for who you are.
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..
That ruling is such a mess: it gets the *reason* correct, but the Justices were so out of touch that the entire ruling was contradictory to that. 
Second quote is [NAME], I will Remember You. She's a great singer :)
We just got a ninja coffee machine. Don’t even need filters! It has little waste besides the coffee grounds. I love it.
I forgot to reply last night, I talked to Microsoft and their engineers were working on the issue. The store was just not installing for anyone haha
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;
Don't forget the part where [NAME] doubts himself or goes off on his own and fails. Then [NAME] tells him how much she loves him and to run
Ugh. That was not information anyone needed...
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!
Nah, some cake sniffers were enjoying the books way before.
I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.
Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us 
Whoa I'm impressed he returned the pillow to its original spot. Awesome parenting.
NOO HES SO ANGRY
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.
Maybe I'm overly cautious, but when I was single I stayed away from people who worked with me. 
It’s funny
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit
Dear [NAME]....
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember
good looks guys
yes, because I like her already anyway
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...
Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary
Well the last sentence reallt hurts, but still I'll do my best to stay with her and keep her happy. I really love this girl
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though. 
Pleasure. I hope you find the virtues you are seeking in life my friend.
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper
Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain! 
I’ve read your comment over and over and I’m sorry I can’t parse what you’re saying.
Frinkiac not working for you?
There are Germany radfem groups on FB? I'd love to know some names. Danke! (Can anybody PM me?)
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. 
So we can forgive her a little for burdening Dunder Mifflin 😂
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !
Beautiful, nice work
This reminds me - I need to feed my horse......thanks AOC
It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.
Yup, I'm sick with a mild cold
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
Not paranoid , just cautious I do the same thing buddy I'm not going to leave it up to chance 
[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you
As funny as a sinking school bus.
The fried baloney is amazing.
Very true that is why I'd also reccomend a mod tweaking AI. Ofcourse the dev's should've done this all themselves but alas.
No worries girl it happens hahaha
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!
Love this, and the comments are great, thanks for sharing.
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.
This is brilliant!
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.
That was the one I was thinking of! I can't remember which episode it was on now, but it fantastic
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.
[NAME], let's celebrate together, y'all will be the king of New York. Praise Marks.
That’s a cool steering wheel cover
Why thank you sir!
It will probably take him some time to figure out whether he’s really ok with it or not.
well we tried hard. good effort boys!
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.
One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format
Alright stop.
The amount of Islamophobic media bias is disturbing.
I have not yet. But I have been advised to. Thank you!
That sounds really interesting.
Damn, I didn’t see any monkeys when I was there! What a ripoff.
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
Haha I’ll try and avoid it. Nowhere currently on my list is in Alabama
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.
Hey, can you post a pic (or many) of the chow/corgi mix? I really need to see it. Thanks. Actually, the kittens too. 
It's the first two themes in the themes section lol - what game did you get :)
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?
We have that, actually.
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.
That's a lot of commitment there. 10/10
Thank you! :)
> but to say that it will fuck up your mind is simply ignorant lolol k.
Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!
"The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of ""getting fooled"" by getting the car inspected by an independent."
That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.
This is exactly what I told him. I went the fuck off. Lol
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
aw too bad im 6.5k, you arent extremely good. 
Hey at least we’re still 5th after losing 2 straight.
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.
[NAME] love for you
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. 
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head
I love juancho
i just wanted to thank you. it took long to find a place where i can voice my thoughts
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.
Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.
Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.
I hope for your sake you don't include Frazzles in your ostracising.
This was actually good until the bird came in.
That's wonderful! As you're learning to accept and love yourself as you are, so will your followers! Don't give up and good luck!
They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great
Close the door, you're letting the heat out!
What? The non-vegan burger air particles have clearly infiltrated the once-pure cardboard. It is absolutely NOT vegan >:(
Bore off, you pearl-clutching, centerist coward. 
Haha love it
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.
Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.
Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date
Ladies and gents, I present to you, your typical anti-gunner.
Now that is an original Idea!!!
I needed to hear this. I'm resigning my good paying FT soul sucking job to try something new. Wish me luck!
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol
look at more of [NAME] work, he really makes the picture come to life.
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns. 
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER
Long arm is an amazing ganking tool (one of the best) with many possible one-shot ganks.
Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention 
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.
I did thank you. Can’t wait to get back over for some games.
There's DOJ guidelines that he cannot be indicted.
Best time to stop lurking, you know why? So I can see your handsome face 
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/
What the hell
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*
That has literally never happened.
I really hope you're joking
You can't be serious.
"That's not correct. The ""Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area"" includes Durant, as it does Athens. "
I’m so glad you had a lovely time! And you gave so many other people a good experience, too!
Wealth is the biggest privilege, and it’s not close. The infinite amount of ways people can be divided lead to individual struggles, sure.
I usually say 8.5, cuz there's a good chunk of 9 that's really good but some REALLY bad
You’ll know it’s true love when he proposals you after 5 days.
more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock
There’s a lot of us ladies here, unfortunately 😔
my brain hurts...
I’m sorry
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. 
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)
I love crows!!!!
I always wondered how testicles sound when popping.... hoping that it would never happen to me.
okay, this is epic!
Actually this is very clear thinking. This is the best answer on this thread. Thank you.
I’m excited AF. First holiday in four years. Totally cannot afford it but that’s future [NAME] problem.
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!
Doesn't matter if hes in this sub, hes sliding into your girl's DMs rn!
And communism wouldn't? The USSR was a master of creating industrial wastelands.
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s
Damn well I would love to eventually monetize, right now I’m drawing custom thot portraits on Fiverr but no bites yet lol 
That sounds very sketchy to me. I would be thinking he’s with another girl TBH
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?
[NAME] bless you, fellow [NAME]! What a wonderful testimony of the changes that [NAME] can make in us. 
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud
Thank you xo
As a fellow artists and raised by an N I just want to say congrats.
Oh boy this aged poorly
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. 
I have no friends.
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?
No....no its not. Anyways thanks for being honest. I needed to hear it from someone else.
You dropped a ‘want’ in that last sentence my dude
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.
very well put. wow i love that man, i’d play a mean game of chess w him
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me 
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. ""To the ____ who ____"""
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously. 
doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.
Just read up on that guy, not sure he changed that much since his conversion unfortunately. 
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap
Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!
Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.
Oh... Cool
Damn never heard of that, I stand corrected!
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!
That sucks, I hope you find the finances to be able to go back to it someday.
He’s not that into you. Move on.
Welcome to my world. fml
Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol. 
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.
This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! 
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. 
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.
It's Shrimpy ( I'm pretty happy with it and the telegram is decently active too
He posts on The_Donald, you're arguing with a brick wall
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck
My mum had this. I got to pick things I wanted from inside and we’d make them together. :) nice memories.
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.
True despair.
So what's so funny about what you just said?
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.
Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*
So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
Damn, he sold all out for that kick
Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up. 
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]
Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.
That’s amazing. You’re all amazing
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say
but it sure looks good
Thanks a lot [NAME] /s
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! 
I already love [NAME]. [NAME] gorgeous, but just didn't charm me as fast Ms [NAME].
And a happy holiday to you.
 Whoa, my little brother had that toy! Awesome.
Thanks! Been clipping her for awhile now, I think I’m going to stick with her 
“I have no experience being mean” is probably one of the sweetest things that I have ever heard omg
Ah thanks so much
That guy was beyond cringe, it was creepy
[NAME] these things were terrible. i presume they still are. #teamlemoncreams
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.
I hope it goes just as well. Good luck.
I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.
Yeah I can't imagine who wouldn't want to come out first to such a supportive friend
I hope mcd's charged extra for the sauce.
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body
She's a nutjob, but this is a really good quote, lol. 
I’m on it. Will be recruiting family and friends as well. Thank you 🙏🏻
Interesting how [NAME] leads his team in BPM and RPM every year while not being the most important player. Defense and efficiency matters.
Me and my babyboys safety word is Obama. But I like yours too.
This is exactly as I was suspecting. Thank you for the solid advice. I won't go ahead with the sale .
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.
He was horrible
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan
Congratulations! I have 8 months and 23 days! We DO recover & we can do it together! Proud of you :)
Thanks for posting OP, much love to the [NAME] out there.
this is my worst fear
I love this man.
I'd rather continue throwing money into these foreign sinkholes than use it to mess up the healthcare markets any further.
He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game
What an amazing guy.
"How about ""Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."""
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.
Go cry somewhere else please.
RIP [NAME], you were a sweet girl. It's been over 10 years but I still miss you.
Because in a world of fake people you need strangers being mean to get an honest opinion.
I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...
Feeling the hatred towards that person I get. Actually running them off the road and holding them at gunpoint? No way. No way to justify that.
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together
I know I care about people more than animals... Im a fucking monster.
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless. 
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.
It's not much, but it's honest work.
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying
I hope they remain long time friends and can look back on this as adults and have a nice giggle together
Right. You can fix ignorant. You can’t fix stupid.
I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!
If you’re talking about 玛雅, I checked and they’re permanently closed. It’s a shame since the location would have been perfect.
>@teamYouTube ok and thanks
wow octane is pure garbage lmao
Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.
Weird, I thought I had a different twitter handle than that
Im gonna go on those subs, wish me luck
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...
If you don't patent, then don't complain
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.
Good for them
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win
I very much appreciate it.
Yes. Those are all the words from the gif. Good job guys.
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors
That would be cool
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.
I just want to say once you take action, stay safe!! Good luck. It’s the best to leave. 
Oh, cool. That’s the TF all the little kids like nowadays.
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* 
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol
Post saved! That looks like a great exercise to try, thank you. 
Pant full of turd.
Please don't come back.
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize! 
Asuelu nailed it.
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*
Fake was the right call either way.
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous. 
As someone with sinus and breathing problems, this makes me anxious and short of breath just looking at it.
This tweet birthed the thread that birthed the legendary “I won best burlesque of the year 2018”. Bless.
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.
I love the idea if choosing an outfit based on what kind of person I wanna be that day. Sounds like a fun way to experiment.
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.
I will, thank you! 
As the global wealth concentrates into fewer and fewer hands, I for one, welcome our neo-feudalist world order. 
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.
> i have never even dated a girl. Lol
We're are going on a trip, in our favorite rocket ship
Will you PM me too? I've been looking for a birthday present and I'd like to take a look at what you've got!
"The loving mother referred to her son as ""the one with acne"". He's better off."
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball
Live your life well. Let them figure it out for themselves.
well i’m proud of you and that’s awesome
It looks nineteen to me.
Can we just take a minute to appreciate the thigh. So delicious and so cheap.
Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!
Not happy.
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]
Dying like hero’s. What better way to die than saving the world. You’re right.
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.
15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh
don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That. 
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.
I just want to point at that yes, fuck [NAME], yes he's subhuman, but that tattoo is not of [NAME]. lol
They look absolutely PERFECT together. I hope its that way in real life too. So happy for ya [NAME]!!!
Mine was the size of my pinky. And honestly get any size you want! Just be mindful of your pain tolerance
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! 
I saved up for a top hat recently and it turns out not to fit as I have a large skull. Thanks for your kind words.
Nice work [NAME]!
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.
Exactly. I thought charcoal would be same like graphite pencil. I need to learn more of this stuff. Thanks for criticizing x)
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.
Thank you for the specifics! Really helpful. Glad you’ve found such a good mix for you.
Thanks for clarifying; I've never heard this (it's not a pejorative where I live) so it's good to know.
It's good, good, good, good - good good good!
The only thing better than winning for a Vikings fan is reveling in the losses of our enemies.
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.
Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare... 
This is all I can think about when I see these things. Most of them cannot be properly washed.
So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.
My fav character
They wanted [NAME] to be in the cameo and both to wish her happy birthday as specified in the order
That's actually a really good one. Atleti fans also seem to love him and literally everyone who faces him despises him.
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.
this is such a happy video
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. 😁
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list
Very nice, man! Love it.
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.
Respect for the pedes
I'm sorry *what*
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.
Yeah it is getting strange. I've even been talking to a right wing poster for the last few days who is terrified of her.
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.
Hey its me [NAME]
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly 
Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something
It's the wisdom of the fool.
If they had tried to free their friends first, their bomb would have been confiscated so I say they made the right choice.
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.
Peace and love, my brother!
I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating
The best ad placement.
Where is you fur, human? You're a disgrace for all young generations
The right had both houses and the presidency and they wait until they lose the house to pretend they care about passing wall funding. So brave.
at least it rhymes,i'll give you that
Jajaja (hahaha)
Jfc, that's depressing.
FANTASTIC!! I didn't know what hole to look at. Geysers!
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about
Don’t be a class traitor
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that
Looks like the next level of a horror character
Don't hesitate to do it.
"[NAME] I hate bad mondays at work! He needs to fiind a new job, this one is full of ”bad clients""..."
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks. 
"She also spoke out quite angrily about ""Obamacare"" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical."
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast
Removed, stop trolling.
It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! 
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong
Uh, no. Not even remotely.
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.
Nice try OSI
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines
Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.
Yeah, that's why I feel [NAME] or [NAME] would have a better chance.
Just got the Ultimate edition and it's already my favourite game of all time. I just wish everyone could agree [NAME] is best girl
Well if you don’t enjoy fishing, lucky you, there are various other activities in this game which can net you decent cash. 
Fuck sake man
Where is that damn SaLt LiCK
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One. 
That's a giant, adorable, super-good woofer you got right there!
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that. 
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail. 
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.
Wait project players magically become great without showing any improvement who would have thought!!!
I am sorry little one
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)
LOL, you’re a good sport. In all seriousness pretty cool picture.
I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol
I know, i read that previous post. Im just worried about your parrot getting injured because of that woman :/
Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what"
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind
Great piece, thanks for sharing.
Hahaha, they are so lost
"Lol I saw a comment on this article that said ""but who released the measles germs into the public? 🤔"""
I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight
I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone
The remix is funny man.
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit
Thank you for at least doing something good sir.
Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre 
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke
Thanks kindly!
VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious
Surely anyone can submit an application for a writ of habeas corpus?
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.
He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.
oh thank you! im relatively new-ish and did not know that
That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.
they place it neatly in the basket and the ball thanks them for their manners
I just moved to the big city, you reminded me to check in my local area now, just reported 4! Thanks!
It'll get better. I know sometimes it's hard to believe that, but it's true. Promise.
All good 👍
You mean 4 of 5 dates for you already this month. Wow - do tell!
[NAME] ever love the busses
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter. 
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this
She’s a good person who stands up for people not like her, and they can’t stand that.
What a wonderful post. Such love. Thanks so much.
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.
Yeah, right.
Dude, I think you've just proven my point. 
It makes us more determined to tank for Zion
He did great in dodgeball.
Good for you for sharing... It must of been very very hard... Good luck in yr journey
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals
You deserve this
Thank you for being the voice of reason in here while people keep screaming about the Vatican's thousand-year old wall.
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.
thanks this isn’t incredibly triggering for me (and a bunch of others) or anything
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.
Thank you.
Yeah I switched to maining NM in 6 as well and it was the exact wrong game to do that lol
That's so sweet, you have good friends. How old did you turn that birthday?
I hope it was somebody else's.
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:
How is this any different from women who claim that all men are awful people? I'm sure you dislike it when women do that.
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.
The father clearly ran away lol
Lol, no.
It's become extraordinary, quite.
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.
Yeah I was more poking fun of the fact he won the NHL leadership award last year.
i hope i can go my way to my fullest potential one day^^
What a disgusting person she is
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!
Nobody likes you
- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!
Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it
“I got five on it” for the movie US is decent as well. They made it so creepy.
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop being greedy!
No phone, can't help....sorry?
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)
wat u fecker
It doesn’t help
My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music 
If my buddy was getting his ass handed to him like this I'd laugh too. Sometimes people just deserve a little ass whoopin.
He looks like [NAME]
"""While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"""
It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.
If your friend ever decides to go public with their content, make sure to let us know. We're more than happy to promote them. 
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of ""I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."""
CL...let’s just hope we can stay in EL for the time being.
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.
I feel you. I hate needles and i'm a type 1 diabetic
The sky is actually annoying and so on (and as annoying as it makes sense. No, this is interesting how?
Thanks, you are right, I appreciate you reaching out
I hate that I like them...
I am glad your okay.
Wow you’re mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented
[NAME] was their best player
>you never learn anything ever from university This is not true
To annoy you That's the real on reason
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.
Ah thanks for the tip.
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS
Even one second gets you killed against focus fire, especially if you're discorded, which is almost always in this meta. 
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous
I’d throw it back in for sure 👍🏼 🎣
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.
She looked the wrong way on a one way street. How are you that stupid.
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali
That sounds like an amazing trick.
Fucking hell...
I'm good. Happy with my boyfriend.
To me he's extremely funny. Love him.
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine
Too slow, I already found it ;) It is a great ad though.
no taxes if you follow the strict scheme of a handgift. don't forget the thank you letter after.
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode
So you can make funny sex jokes on iFunny, obviously.
Fuck calm down [NAME]
Well at least we won't have to spend as much time watching this.
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.
[NAME] is a brilliant player. Glad to see him get more time.
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. 
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.
Thanks. Wish he liked me
You did. But I’m not arguing with a bunch of troglodytes. Have a nice day.
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.
More like I was raised in Asia but go off. I’m not gonna bother arguing with trumpie lmao.
I love how well 90dayF references easily relate to LAL. I hope you're able yo watch it.
The angle makes it look like he's 15 feet tall, but otherwise, very good.
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*
Mmm ... Chicken milk.
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].
Because you're not making one in any coherent way. As such, I'm done. 
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.
Thanks, do we know how this document has been publicised, and if it's not a fake document 
Now all we need is to beat them in the playoffs one last time and win the super bowl THEN I'll be able to be happy
This is amazing
Wtf is a weeb
Love the use of ginormous ... so true
Thank you so much :)
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.
Wonderfully said!
lol, suit yourself.
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha
Ah I see, thanks for the insight
Shut up you shill /s
Pareto principle, 20% of the work done gets you 80% results.
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.
What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew
Still extremely impressive.
that's so wholesome 💜
Holy crap, that movie was bad.
Watch it!! It's amazing
I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.
Man, I would gladly roast this one. Fat rich people must be tasty..
No they don't.
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank
How DARE you!
His wrists are too small ☹️
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.
I like picking beans with grandma.
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P
Best part about this is that the cowboys will re-sign [NAME] and hopefully [NAME] too
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. 
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.
Sorry you feel that way
At least it's decent pay. Lol.
is it bad that i agree with this
This is great and Elephant is pretty fun. We went to the clown exhibit last month.
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!
It fucking better have draft assets
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you. 
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.
My balls shrunk up looking at that
That's awesome! It's good to have supportive people like that in your life and around you.
Insurance and healthcare have the same attitude. Keep people alive as long as possible, but keep the people dependent on the system.
100% communication with an NT is awesome!
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days
I like what you did to PK ☺
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.
Ah, I see. I wasn’t sure if I was supposed to make contact. Thanks for the info!
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️
Apparently he has returned to the bench so hopefully he's ok.
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. 
"I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the ""ENTPs"" in this thread."
1: you deserve it 2: I think you're neat 3: literally it's no problem, I really like talking to you. honestly. 
Guns go off accidentally all the time. Don’t point them at someone unless you plan to kill them.
Double doink Love it
You’ll love r/2healthbars
Neither are sleeping adults, so it's ok to kill someone as long as they are asleep.
Youve missed everything.
You’re a damn good grandma, good wishes for your grandson and good luck!
Let's all wilk together!
You cannot have your car running while you're pumping gas.
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.
Nope. This guy is legitimately this dumb.
You've been able to survive going in between tracks on multiple games in the franchise. I've always done it lol
Thank you for educating me. Lol
I love this 10/10
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late
Well that’s horrific
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.
The feeling of betrayal could be one of the worse pains ever. Hope one day this will pass man.
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now
But it's such a lovely place!!! I might need help...
> Killing an intruder in your home in self defense is now a really bad thing. That was not even under discussion.
Stay strong. You've come this far. Keep going.
This is hilarious
It's pretty convenient
Is this the track that’s just [NAME] cat meowing but slowed down? My memory is failing me
I grew up there!! Moved away 20 years ago but still my home. Hope you're having fun .
And I thought best girl couldn’t get better. Please tell me there is one of other best girl [NAME] with glasses
"The ""[NAME] says it's true"" line makes me think he's messing with you."
Oh, I like this! Where’d you get it?
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha
Jokes on you..he's in cahoots with the guy at Oxford...
I love this 😂
I do that on my boyfriend too haha, super soft and makes me feel safe! Maybe we are all crazy
Mine were huge. I wasn't comfortable until I had them reduced. Now they're awesome.
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious
At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet
Wise words :) she is quite remarkable in so many ways. I guess that I will just see or won't see :D
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.
Beautiful... Thanks for sharing!
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!
Banks! I knew it!
and I love him for that
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it
I'd be extremely motivated to take any form of martial arts lessons if they didn't cost $100 per month around where I live
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.
More like a baptism, with sexy results!
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?
Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..
Dont see why she is attractive, she looks like a chihuahua with watermelons on her chest.
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D
Hell yeah it did!
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor. 
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there
Just be glad you’re not his wife
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo 
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service
You may be onto something. Strange that I agree with this now.
Awesome footage. The one child signing to look into his eyes looks as though he is jaundiced. His eyes are quite green yellow colour.
HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up
That wasn’t part of my plan
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.
My man's on the left looks like he's trying too guard precious
I don't think we've seen his full potential yet. With [NAME] we have, he can be really good. It's just rare nowadays...
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.
I recognize this YouTube channel... They make beautiful furniture. This has to be at customer request. I have no idea how to explain it otherwise.
People are looking at me wondering why I'm laughing at work.
His performance this weekend reminded me of when [NAME] came into the LCS, he would solo kill every single lane
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. 
He looked pretty into it when talking with [NAME]
Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal
thats really kind, thanks stranger
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA
Yes!!!!
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories
Wow thanks. Could have sworn the Score app was showing 3pm when I checked it two days ago.
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective
Happy birthday my guy! Hope you have a great day today, tomorrow, and every day after that. You and everyone deserve a good day. 😃
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. 
You guys actually look really similar to me besides the hair/beard. But that's not a bad thing!
Mark it nsfw just to mess with people. Worst title I have seen all week.
I want to give you reddit gold but I’m poor and bad at money spending so have my love instead
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.
Imagine being scared of a black bear
That's not how it works
No thank you, I'm just here to use your bathroom
It's a lame, timid city on a beautiful harbour.
To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore
Of course he gets you, he’s your brother. j/k
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. 
Then [NAME] took little Donnie Two Scoops out to get a happy meal because he's been such a good top businessman!
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.
I'm watching the Kings broadcast, and let me say [NAME] doing play by play is entertaining.
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!
That's actually kinda funny. Just hoping you don't ask for a transfer to the women's facilities.
Fair enough. Thanks for the input.
At least we’re in this together? 😓
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.
Happy cake day!
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to
Wow, you really need a break. Maybe men just aren't for you.
I was going to comment the same thing! I love the disheveled newscaster vibe he and [NAME] created for the show.
That's beyond fucking creepy!
Let's get petty! Love it
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D
old ladies are so wholesome
I'm just glad I've never heard of this game before otherwise this news would be disappointing.
I want the same drug OP is into thanks!
I was never a huge fan of her, but if they replaced [NAME] with her that would be the best thing to ever happen to this show.
The poor dude.....pray for him.
Wow! Thanks! We’re working on it! Glad you liked it (this is [NAME], the [NAME] one)... appreciate your support!
If it's legal where you live, then it doesn't really matter what anyone thinks.
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.
Depending on your specs. Insurgency sandstorm is my go to game. Coop is also a blast.
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:
LPT: If you need more money just get a better job that pays more!
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation
ooohhh this seems quite clever, i'll try this out. thanks! 
Very cute!
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.
I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though. 
 a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me 
yea ok dude
Lol you know what makes me happy? All of your guys negativity. Keep it up everyone :) it just makes me happier
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.
"""[NAME] could drown in a glass of water."" LOL. i actually love [NAME], though. i know i'm in the minority."
Yeah very true
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.
[NAME] I’m so sorry sweety
Hang in there, we're here for you. I hope you get through this.
Yes, that’s pretty much it ! Thank you, I will, it’ll just be a week or so before I get there. 
I'm crying right now, I don't know why. Doesn't even make me feel anything. 
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?
I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD
I love this.
I wish I could retort with peep show memes about nazis and pints now. Haha! Cheers
They as in men lol
This is hilarious. Great work🤣
What a game... completely down and out at half time and then... [NAME] and total annhilation of the scousers
Good job now here have an upvote
That has some amusingly unfortunate implications for those that believe all [NAME] are descendant from [NAME], son of [NAME] and [NAME]. 
good guy kawhi
Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them
I will dude. Have a good one
"Here's another message ""You're a good mom. Your boy is lucky to have you."""
If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.
oddly enough, i really like it
That was informative. Thank you.
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with! 
"*Bride walks by* B: ""You ruined my wedding [NAME], great to see you!"""
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly
It’s really sad to see
What an obnoxious, drunk girl. 
This is an incredible insight I've never thought of before. loyalty vs disloyalty, compared to care vs harm, I mean.
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years
I bet you’re really fun at parties.
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.
you might be more of an optimist than me. hopefully you're right
<3 BTW it does sound like you're generally doing brilliantly, all things considered. 
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look. 
Me too.. which left me conflicted about how to feel.
I love it. She really snapped.
Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.
well that's no creepy in the slightest
I think I like em even more lol
Agree, she needs to learn to value herself. 
I was already taking a break from basketball this season, but I think this really put the final nail in the coffin. This team is hopeless. 
Chuckle worthy. It's funny. There's at least structure to set up the punchline.
Thank you!
I don't get your point. I love the grind as well, that's why I tried to get dark matter and prestige master. 
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins
That’s great! Love this sort of thing. Is that really a prison on the north side of vauxhall bridge? Prime real estate now!
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank
Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!
You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.
It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.
Just got my nose pierced last week! So fun to have the freedom. :)
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.
Lol those stretch marks are from when I was obese...
The design was interesting. But it had a lot of flaws
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 
this makes me miss my girflriend
This is weirdly funny to me
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it
I think I might like a front end web developer job but not positive since I've always been in healthcare/science
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh
Nooooooooo I was a student staff member at the WCC and this makes me so sad and angryyyyy
Right, I never said it wasn't. There's been a lot of unjust laws. I was just curious if you actually agreed with that.
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!"
great show.
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.
"He gets criticized for being too ""showy"" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it"
The staff there know what they're talking about whether or not you're making money, no matter how difficult will be huge. you are not alone.
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!
Wow! Prayers for everyone there.
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha
Uh eat less than you burn per day. Eat a lot of protein.
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.
I'll always be a big fan of seabiscuit, doesn't require any explanation and its a classic
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.
I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere
Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong. 
I agree because the issues run much deeper. In your opinion what would be the best way to deal with it? Regulation?
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣
That thigh gap not cute at all
Enjoy the ride!
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.
Thanks haha. I really do feel sorry for my friend here... At least the group he accidentally asked is pretty much all furries
Oh joy, now my life is complete 🙄 Anything that ends in an -asm should be avoided like the plague. 
Anyone who needs to get off, please use the Ashton Taper. Message for support, I’m here. 
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!
Puny god! Love it
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.
Wow, I’m an idiot.
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.
Talk to your dad, he deserves to know and may help. Good luck.
U guys are super cute together.
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.
You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious. 
It's crazy I don't get where their finding them
Welcome to the club. You'll notice that I didn't say anything about degrees or certification, just the quality of your understanding.
Welcome folks, what’s going on in Ottawa?
This team is so untalented.
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.
Fitter faster stronger better
If you like Thai food, try Firefly.
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid
look at [NAME] over here.. of course it alone won't fix our financial problems lol
Fam, I fucking love [NAME] play. Gotta be the most exciting dude in the league other than [NAME] when he’s hitting everything from 30ft+
The no rape was my favorite part, so glad people agree
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!""."
Why did you post my autobiography
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange
Wait, apple and [NAME]? Please tell me these fools are all on windows phones 
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.
His entire speech during the climb was amazing.
I only remember one lady, interesting. Just watched it a year ago lol.
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.
It's back up now. Sorry for the mess with moderation, wasn't our fault.
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team
The lucky ones died quick
Kids are awesome
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.
Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one
fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses
Peace be with you
But what about teams like the cavs? They are clearly a terrible terrible team, but they gotta wait longer to rebuild with a 3 year average.
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol
What I learned last year was not to read the comment sections, because it used to get me hot!!!!! 
Wow, pretty transphobic to say prostate owners have a penis and non-prostate owners have a vagina. What about the neovagina and front-hole bearers? /s
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening
Thanks for clarifying!
Hush up. This is one of our greatest accomplishments. Teaching minorities the subtle art of self suppression though mutual degradation was no small task.
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.
What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.
Looking through the lives of various figures of the New Atheist movement in the social and political change they sought to create and how it stacked up with reality.
Wow yes, that is a perfect way to describe it.
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.
Just don't bring up the Manga Carta. Really uncomfortable for my history class.
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.
Bro this is awesome
With the way [NAME] has been playing I’m just hoping it’s not a coincidence that [NAME] is playing well too.
It's hard to make friends. :( I sit alone.
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason
That seems real terrible, does that actually work? Negs should usually be playful at worst. 
It's the lists fault!
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.
Goose don’t give a fuck
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.
That was painful.
I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.
Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.
Damn straight.
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.
Are you ok?
Don't worry we'll just whip up a quick song!
I carry 2 small stuffable throw blankets and a sweatshirt. Sweatshirt to ensure warmness. Blankets to ensure cuddles. I’ll let you know if it ever works.
Damn it.
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.
Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining
Oh boy is this gonna be the new thing? Cause I like it.
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.
You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!
Wow what a fucking autist. Probably more effort into this shit than all people that hate on GS combined.
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
Woooooooooo it took long enough but the UYU boys finally did it and made the league
This is the sweetest.
How incredibly dangerous
It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!
I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.
Thanks man, appreciate it :D
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]
She was probably suspended to protect her from the angry mobs protesting outside the school edit: here's a better article
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.
Thanks for blocking his face OP. Could have been bad.
They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.
Oooh, edgy!
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people
>just because I miss [NAME] and [NAME], who played them. You forgot to add the rest of that sentence 
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad
[NAME] damn you are autistic
I have considered that, and if is possible, I will see where it leads me, thanks.
Last week was her week. She killed everything about that episode
We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.
"Lmao ""guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk"". That just sounds dumb as hell "
If this is true, then we should be having kids out the ass
Ok thanks for your help!
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."
Iunno, I laughed.
Thank you.
This is peak level of marketing inception. When people promote your movie by admiring your promotion of the movie.
Congrats on coming out
Thanks! I'm so keen :)
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind. 
Hope your first day goes well, what type of work are you doing?
Wish we got power plays regularly.
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
Hope it works for you OP.
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.
Yeah I laughed when I remembered it. Random.
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative
Thank you, how epic is your curl? 
You poor, hideous creature. 
That face is awesome!
Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.
Hopefully next weekend it's time to be rugby gods ;)
Yo this is actually awesome storytelling and also if I were you I would have clocked [NAME] into next week. Just sayin.
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past 
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal
Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent. 
Reading this made me pretty damn happy. Congrats hope it works out for you two.
Different doctors have different opinions on who should and shouldn’t be vaccinated.
But the right to not have your property taken away from you is a right.
[NAME] I wish that was me
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful
I have a good feeling about the ability to be a left handed gunslinger.. please Rockstar :(
"""[NAME] will be Turkey's Vietnam"" yeah, we saw how that went lol "
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.
Can’t wait to see this monster perp walk.
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent
That sounds really helpful, thanks so much
"""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself."" Thank you [NAME]. "
This is amazing!
I measure from where the back of the balls are. It counts. Especially if you tend to go balls deep anyway. lol
I didn't say remain was left wing. I said the E.U acts as a buffer against the most insane and cruel Tory policies.
oh [NAME] this is horrible
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!
Just piss off
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone
Sorry but I didn’t throw in the towel for my co worker. These feelings were present before she entered my life.
She deserves to know.
Lol, believe me you would know. 
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!
This isn't cringe at all. He's making a joke.
I’m just not sure why he thought I’d find it attractive, it deserves an attaboy at best
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.
What the hell did you just type?
[NAME] got bank...he's paying people to count his cash. He's doing fine
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.
[NAME] does more than [NAME] so I'll have do disagree about that
[NAME] was our second best hitter, [NAME] was the best
The bed is comfy and I want it to stay that way
It's nice to have dreams.
Stay safe guys
I love your Grandma! Good for you for not just giving in.
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.
These questions tell you'll be a fantastic dad! Don't sweat it too much and make sure you enjoy it. They grow up quick :)
That is absolutely brilliant. Thank you so much for your help and support.
Hahah wow I've thought the same thing a million times.. Glad I'm recognizing what I've been doing for so long and trying to change now
I love the thing. My jeans get all loose feeling after I wear them awhile. I feel skinnier when my jeans fresh.
You guys don't know what you're doing to me
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!
Thank you! I was hoping somebody wpuld post that video since I couldnt think of what to search for.
Same. I played it handheld yesterday and was amazed how smooth it looks and plays 😱
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like
Not censoring usernames is against Reddit’s rules...
My wife is a rams fan. I don’t like them, but I think I like them more than the patriots lol
Nah, she cute dawg. 
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron
This is the proper timing
[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.
It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.
Great for him to admit it. Not many people are that humble
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.
Don’t you want to raise awareness, you need to do at least one chiro out there who is in need of immediate care).
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!
Welcome to the party pal!
Agree but 2015/2016 KAT != 2018 KAT
I don't know about that. Old Liz managed to earn around $90k over the past couple of years.
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots
At least it's ok in public & around children.
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.
"It's gonna be the next ""live, laugh, love"" with everyone running around talking about if things ""spark joy"""
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/
That's a cute kitty :3
I mourn for you anti-intellectuals
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.
Because Reddit. The other day I got downvoted because I said I liked The Office lol
Famous for his 3-4 Defense
Thx! Happy New Year!
Lol Jets Skills Comp got taken down due to Copyright
No the limiting factor is the leader raped a young boy and paid his silence
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.
PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha
"Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the ""protect your loved ones"" situation. "
Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
Aww [NAME] giving [NAME] a pat on the back that’s cute
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected
In a few years she will probably be claiming to be in her 30s!
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10
Stay strong [NAME]
As someone with a newborn, thank you so much! Good tip to have for sure!
Don't worry looking for it, there isn't any porn tab/hidden message
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.
Amazing detail with the hot dog in the virgins hand.
Much thanks!
You know I’ve always wondered what this song was about. Thank you.
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.
Diacetyl, which is actually in higher amounts in cigarettes themselves, and even cigs havent caused popcorn lung lol
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).
poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.
Hahaha, good point
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af
Contact Blue Mammoth staff, they're usually pretty nice about this stuff.
No, but she's lived in Chicago longer than I. 
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy
I have my hatchet's wear out fast cutting trees, and I miss throwing the axe on my back for better inventory... thanks for responses!
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).
Thanks. I’m not sure your response is a proper attempt at answering the question.
I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents 
Stop lying to me
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying
Appreciate the honesty though
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health
Welcome to freedom! It takes time but you will be stronger than ever! Stick to NC, I cannot express how essential this is!
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. ""I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up"" Is a murder mishandling a situation?"
My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.
How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add ""biting nails"" and he could star in movies!"
Shhhh, don’t say that, your going to trigger a millennial 
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head
You're welcome :)
I didn’t know I could roll my eyes this far into my head
I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.
Best comment ever.
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.
Well, exactly that actually, lol. 
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays
I love the claps after he fell 🤣
Those cards are so cool
I watch it every time I see it posted. There's something beautiful about watching someone so passionate and excited about what they've discovered :)
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.
Good luck friend.
Np good luck!!
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!
I got offered a couple of batches. They weren't 100% terrible but I feel like they could've been better so I didn't take them.
Nice. Thanks for the original.
I mean yeah but it still sucks. Hopefully you have better luck in the future.
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.
And someone downvoted you for that smh
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.
This is beautiful and accurate
Captain you ARE wrong. You’re wrong nooption to argue. I have the final rule ! Nope not gonna listen.
I dunno if that's really a HMB moment but funny nonetheless.
That convention center sized groan right after the reveal.... No one wanted this. I have no idea what they were thinking.
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.
That's awesome! Congrats on all the positive changes!!
"This is why the option isn't ""be accurate"" but ""be as accurate as you can"""
While it is unfortunate to hear that he is no longer interested, I hope that this brought some level of closure to you.
Thank you! I'm so glad you liked it! I did finally get a new belt lol
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.
No lie his jumpshot is pretty If he can hit those 3x more in-game, oh my god; [NAME] for [NAME] straight up
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say. 
Shithole universe i mean.
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮
Thank you :) I'm trying to hang out with friends more, I felt like I was quite distant from them because of him
Sorry about that!
I told him I loved him and he blushed so hard. It was the best. Of course that classic smile was there as well
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod"
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.
For me yes. I did it my whole life, and I regret now. Cause I could've had something with the girls I didn't approach.
Notley-nomics helps grow the economy once again! Thank [NAME] we have such good governance.
Definitely not the norm in KY or other bible belt states, sadly. My extended family looks upon my CF lifestyle with nothing but bingo's.
Yeah, my bad
Beautiful picture!
Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!
That's the theme of this excellent play:
Ah I didn't realize I was able to do that. I'm still new to Reddit so I am still learning haha thanks!
Thanks for comin' out.
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.
"""Lol, hold my craft beer."""
Please don't.
what a great idea.. i suggest they use it to insulate all the homes of the [NAME] administration and of [NAME]!!
Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.
It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode
"*""Success is the best revenge.""* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there."
Hmm thank you. I am not good with words. Can you please elaborate if there is any distinction?
How is anyone so stupid to not vaccinate their child?
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!
You having a bad day man?
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this
*[NAME] playing the world's saddest tune on the world's biggest violin.*
I teased him about being an off center unicorn lol
This is why I love baseball
Yet, his recoveries on attacks are abysmal.
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!
Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.
Love the username.
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”
Congratulations, there are success stories in this group. Forge on with your life but watch out for other (jerkfaces). 
that looks like a nightmare.
Did you guys personally pay someone for the banner? Because that's incredible.
Omg this is great.
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken
I have, I've always wanted to celebrate Christmas and actually have a more closer family
Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.
Yes he said that. But it can be quicker.
Oh man, there isn't enough popcorn to enjoy this.
You deserve better. Good things will come. Hang in there.
Strong focus on what the subreddit wants
I got I got I got...
Katy/cypress area is just as bad if not worse in some areas. Luckily we only saw one driver obviously drunk but there were several wrecks. Be safe everyone
My tongue is still a little scorched lol. But totally worth it
Expectations was amazing - this ain’t it
The man and dog have been spotted running past [NAME] and nobody is helping! I would help but I just had my nails done.
Rule number 1: never dye your hair while drunk haha
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.
"I work at a salon and we have a ""no kids unless it's their appointment"" rule. It's amazing."
Liverpool FC and Jacksonville Jaguars (Sorry, my kids were born here)
They also have the best lemon bars!
We haven’t had much luck either. We wish you and Aunt [NAME] the best. Stay strong! Thank you for the kind words.
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.
Ah gotcha. Thanks.
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.
[NAME] for sure!.. just make sure you DO NOT get a new addidas one, get an old authentic one from the time frame he played
Not a good sound, a glorious sound.
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.
happy cake day!
I’m sorry and I hope you are better now than when you were in the marriage.
I'm not fantasising, I'm watching it happen. Just like I watched [NAME] smooth, supple back.
So excited for this!! Thanks to all who have worked so hard to put this together <3
"Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as ""intuitive."" It doesn't even really make sense"
A hell of a player when he was at Grimsby. Hope he can pick up some minutes and goals again.
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.
Nervously laughs in anxiety
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.
Interesting!!
Yes he is a hard worker for sure. Just wish he could get his shot back on track.
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free. 
Ok thanks ❤❤
Wow. What is wrong with you
Well this is frustrating.
oh ok, i'll pass that on to him thanks :)
[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.
They're passionate about different things.
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT 
This sounds like revenge, not karma.
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.
Nah axe is ok
I love this. Hopefully it is more successful than [NAME] (RIP).
They aren't wrong here in illinois. :(
loved this one as a kid
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else
Just ask him what he’s looking for. It might be awkward but honesty is the best policy. Good luck!
You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying
I like your baby😍
I literally have more friends on HOTS than WOW. Wow is deader than hots.
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch. 
Oh, thx for clarification!
Thank you.
Hey. I like you
I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.
Nothing in politicalhumor from them is even remotely funny. They're completely untethered.
Great job, now let's get two points.
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.
Thanks, I think you're right.
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees
digitally executed lol.
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now
I get to walk home for 30 minutes for the next 3 days. Pray for me everyone.
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.
Watched this while eating hash browns covered in ketchup. You SOB. NSFW lol.
I’m disappointed that no one has suggested taking her up Oxo Tower yet.
Why? That's not helping us win games.
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson
I have adhd whats so bad about it?
So long as we get the [NAME] from this season and not last season I'm happy
Im always worrying about the same thing, thats why Im always posting and within hours freaking out and deleting my posts 
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*
They're not the brightest bunch.
HaHa... Earnin' and Burnin'! Snappin' necks and Cashin' Checks! Cheers, brother!!!
I kill him before he kills me during the date
That's awesome. You are a great and good person with a good heart. Never, ever change❤
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. 
Your just killing time now.
"Love this. ""Where were we"" and ""what were we"" before birth? It really helps to think this way"
You stole this
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.
I was just joking...
Agree with most of above apart from TERA is no cash grab unlees you just want to fast forward a little with gear and it really is a little lol
OMG this Extreme Love commercial. Yikes.
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him! 
[NAME], feel bad for that streamer, everyone has their moments on this game, it’s understandable
Struggling to find :(
Feeling tacky ? You already working for [NAME] - might as well play the part haha
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
Not delusional at all imo
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.
Nope. Has been and still is my favorite
This is actually really good! Thanks for posting this man!
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy
Everyone who supports him knows. The [NAME] need educating.
Gee, a GIF that doesn't move. Thanks, OP 
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.
This is why I love this subreddit.
Yeah thanks.
But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?
Thank you!!!
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!
No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted
She has some really good dance moves honestly!
I want a pizza flair!!
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!
That was my favorite character... :’(
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor
"Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. ""[NAME]"" on ice it isn't."
Solid as a rock!
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.
This is a very long story about nothing
Sorry, I meant let them know outside of class.
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion
Cute. 💖
Lol always a creepy mike
RDR singleplayer, not whatever the fuck that online is
I honestly wouldve thought the same if i hadnt seen it here before either. Is all good brother. Happy hunting!
Basically he is trying to start something based on a lie, not good. If I were you, I wouldn't see this person again.
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol
I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP
First impressions don't need more then a day. Not to Mention 10 raids and tons of pvp I'll be fine.
Have fun with that nos canister!❤️
Oh boy, yeah.
It's amazingly fun even after all these years. Aged terribly graphics-wise though.
This same problem exists in playground as well.
I may have awful taste, i would want this cake
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true
oh stop IT
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by. 
While true, that's not what they're talking about here
I will pray for your marriage. After we win.
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!
Yes, he's really pushing the Devils to new heights.
Thank you! :O
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy
I love him!
Great post! : )
My opponent froze the timer, my match was only 1 second! Also ty.
This’s didn’t hold up too well.
I think the dog is mostly worried about being fed and let outside when the last of the humans stop coming home.
Again.. lolz.
Ya like I said. Depends on my tup sitch
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.
When my [NAME] is crying...
You must have depression and anxiety.
Neither are foreign coups set up with the countries chamber of commerce and the head of the army.
Don't worry, I'm pretty sure you're right and he's wrong 
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.
I have a bad feeling about this.
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster
This is a great idea. I'd even figure out where my printer ended up after I moved and set it up for this.
"Or more aptly ""OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"" As you see me run away."
Ok this New England accent not so fun!!
That was my first live Lions game (British and flights to DTW are expensive) I've never gone through so emotions in such a short amount of time
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.
That’s blasphemous 😩
Never said I didn’t have a hobby. Looking for suggestions and a third person perspective thanks
That would be cool too!
I mean, they've probably dealt with human vagina blood on a fairly regular basis...
And..the reality of it hurts
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.
I cant believe we elected this goon
This makes me smile!
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.
I have friends who drove from interior Alaska to Arizona in less than 48 hours... It's possible.
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him
It's all so beautiful, right? 
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you. 
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man
There's a difference between use and ownership. They aren't equivalent.
I want a Doritos crown, too!
Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u
yuck no I'm waiting until marriage obvs
Love those clips on YouTube, does this add anything to it? Considering Netflix's obsession with exclusivity, this is an unusual arrangement. 
Either you meant family doc or there's an interesting story here you're not sharing. I'm hoping for the latter.
Thank you for fading
Also i think that person is really shitty and I’m sorry you experienced that. People are animals sometimes.
He wants to make excuses for his affair and I doubt you'll feel better after listening to him. In fact, you may actually feel worse. 
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up
Just got my seats a couple of days ago!
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. 
Oh I hate him even more now.
Best of luck to you my friend, keep going 
Can't wait for episode 5
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.
E - Either we turn it around and make the playoffs or tank and [NAME] gets fired so win win right?
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. 
Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time
Have to admit, a completed quest log would've been nice.
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.
Well I did add an edit you might have missed haha
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip
"[NAME] was the ""socialist"" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning."
What a career for TBA. Started on the wing for Qld in 2002 and now playing at prop for the Indigenous side 17 years later.
I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.
Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary
They do get an awful lot of upvotes, so they seem to have at least some support from others.
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!
Wow good on you! I hope to have similar progress this year. How’d you do it?
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!
Agreed. I don't know what the middle ground is, but it's somewhere between neglect through inaction and traumatic physical overreaction. 
There you go. You contradict your original position with the [NAME] scenario. That’s a good start.
"I was just thinking to myself ""maybe I should get Tinder"". Thank you for reassuring me that, nah I'm good without it."
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine
He’s one of those players that you would love if he was on your team, but hate if you have to play against him. 
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?
Lol no, you said that it isn’t called swinging anymore so I was curious as to what partner swapping was called now.
Good job partner!
LOL. Glad you noticed.
Almost all cars go through auctions at some point. It's nothing to worry about.
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!
Volume-wise, you are correct. 
Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement
Lol I understand the sleep issue. I’m CIO for a small financial trading startup, so I’m always on call no matter what.
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. 
We‘re looking good so far
[NAME] has a drive that [NAME] doesn't at all. He cares more about his hair than buying a house for his mom from what I have seen.
I thought he had a cool [NAME]. Was only slightly disappointed.
My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.
[NAME] damn fruit booters.
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks. 
Hope [NAME] is ok to play but if he needs to rest that hand then that's what he should do...
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)
No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.
For me, I tend to (over)share with friends, but also get offended at trivial questions like you.
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!
Are you saying that's why they went with [NAME]? That's racist
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh
I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.
"With the up and coming hit single ""I have a new Daddy every week""."
Celes represent well her talent tho
Please explain how this is stupid
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff
Good pick. I love Dream to Dream from the sequel Fievel Goes West.
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive
Yes, this. I love this film.
She's as beautiful and as happy as ever
This is amazing. Thank you for posting the link.
Hahaha 😂😂😂😂😂 this is so funny and relatable!
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.
wow that's amazing. i wonder what that feels like
Wow, I love the car ride idea. Thanks for sharing that!
Yeah I wish they hadn't opened the entire game with the ol' [NAME].
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly
Thank you, that's very good to know!
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke
NFL level catch
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.
That has to be custom, right? I don’t remember them having any editions like this, looks sweet.
Thank you for advice!!
Compelling argument, in line with expectation
Ouh shittt my dad is also going to be surprised
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique
Edit: Four on Five now man! Woo!
Happy to help
[NAME] playing great this half
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3
My 3 year old is an asshole. His 8 year old sister was also an asshole at 3. It gets better!
I wish I could upvote this a million times. What a wonderful tack to take.
I laughed. Finally
Where do I sign up, then? Haha.
I’ve made the same exact comment before It’s mind boggling
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
omg I remember be exactly like this and being so excited, gahhhh I might even believe I’m more excited than you hahahah.
forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.
Totally zero bias at all as we know feminist scholars aren't bias and always correct no matter what.
If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone
I hope I have your chemistry knowledge one day
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!
I wonder so too hehe :D
"Yes, which is why I hate the term ""ranked choice voting""."
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.
I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.
Funny looking bats.
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall 
I hate people who can't *read* Dx
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.
Random question but has your username ever actually worked lmao
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. 
Oh sorry I gotcha
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.
Well, I probably would have been against the Cespedes signing if we had to sign him for 7 years. But that goes more for a pitcher.
This is a depressing r/tworedditorsonecup
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.
Dont worry. I'll help you.
I don't just cringe, I feel literal embarrassment for anyone who has watched it.
The 2nd worst president. First time i voted. Been trying to live it down ever since
Thanks for keep us posted
You guys are fools. This is gold.
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter
At least my suffering is over.
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk
Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him. 
Ay just like my life *whips whilst sobbing
Just because some people troll him on Twitter and get literally no retweets or interactions, he'll surely change his way of directing...
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.
it's horrid :/
Yeah it looks like it
ive had 300ug tabs before, took 2 had full on ego death was naked with my friends jumping on moving cars 
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.
"Ahhh, the old ""if you don't vote the way I do, you're a big dumb idiot"" gambit. "
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.
You’re buying a hipster truck then demanding INVOICE PORT PDICE. If they don’t broom you won’t get a survey for sure lol
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.
Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.
I would like a hug
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.
This is genius. The ultimate prank.
thanks. I really hope it does get better
Would love to see [NAME] pull up in a Tesla that was blocks by the truck guys.
Wow this is the first I’ve heard of this. You should go tell /r/hockey, I’m sure they have no idea either.
That's gonna be the upvote party of the year.
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start
[NAME] so much hate.
People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.
Hey thanks!
We're out of the environment, it's ok.
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.
Cheers Mate, I appreciate that
I laughed at this 4 years ago.
Wow!!!
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions. 
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!
You are right but stick a cleanse on that bad boy and he's golden
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood
She has pretty hair.
"But 80% of the time they go back to ""single"" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries."
"""They didn't get [NAME]. They got [NAME]."" - [NAME] on draft night That boy gud!"
You’re the meme this sub jokes about.
Oh, sorry
Unlucky, pricks.
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.
[NAME] is amazing...
Lol- nah, she is pretty cool as far as that goes. She loves hosting people. 95% of her wardrobe is [NAME] though :(
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.
Wet dreams don't count
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks. 
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.
It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.
I hope you managed to skunk him, so he caught an aroma every time he moved. 
Arguing a player is the GOAT among every position is just a dumb argument to even begin with when it comes to football.
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.
This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.
Misandry is not part of our feminism here. Don’t make such comments again.
I like your colour choices and I can feel your love of the city. Keep up the art! Sending you lots of love and healing.
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.
This is such a cool idea. Basically an abathur that hats minions instead of heroes.
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].
Plz explain the TeamViewer thing. Im interested.
>Cause they almost never hit anything. Very inaccurate. The benefit of fighting against a largely untrained adversary.
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing
Just do the steps and stop complaining.
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.
Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent. 
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!! 
Careful, he's a hero
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.
Oh whoops haha
Get a handkerchief, ridiculously helpful.
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.
Everyone is born an atheist. Some gets afflicted with religion usually via their parents.
Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.
pro tip they go in the hole better if you chop em up first
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.
this is not bad
Good for you! So awesome!
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.
That definitely hurt
Good thing you listened to your gut, ran, and made a lot of noise! Yikes! Glad you're ok.
Ugh Morons stop breeding
Any that lands for us tbh lol
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well. 
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time
This hurts my brain
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario 
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.
I love you for making this
r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.
I am so sorry that happened to you.
starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year 
may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”
You're welcome. Sometimes we just need a gentle reminder that it's okay to take care of ourselves. You got this.
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier
I’ll never understand people who freak out at that, just say they were born a different color.
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun
The American way is to show some empathy for others come on dude
Hope you had a great time!
Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.
The real tips are always in the comments :D
That looks so awesome
Thank you, lightwaves. Very cool.
I’ve never been in love, haha. So I wouldn’t know.. thank you for this comment :)
The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates 
Harsh, but true
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more
I feel like it's a one big woosh
Good luck with that one
Surely you've read this sub's rules. Come on, man.
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.
Nah, I think it's being as dull as a butter knife.
Alexa play Sad!
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.
One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen
5% more people identifying as liberal than conservative, 4.3% more people supporting the tax rates. [NAME] activated
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day
he’s not happy with me
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.
I miss [NAME] and [NAME]. :(
Haha, I love that! :) I'll see if he's interested now
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.
he's gotta make shots and get to the line...2-6 so far, no ft's
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions 
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!
Nobody got time for that, Dont even like twitter
Thats too funny
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.
I wish could do what you do. It has been my dream. Im jealous
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...
Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.
I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises. 
Thank [NAME] for the adult spammers on my susbscribed NSFW subreddits.
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.
Funny bc random guys do that behind girls in clubs sometimes.
Looking super dope!
Just made some Ham and Lima Beans with those. You are very correct ...
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.
Her hair is beautiful! I have high hopes for her staying clean and on the right path.
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?
I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same
I just worked 6 hrs today and already hate it lol work just sucks. I'm not sure how other people do it.
I thought it was like a fake url sorry
My grandchild used to be a baby, and now he is no longer a baby. Thanks, xBox!
I didn't have an umbrella and got wet but it's so damn humid still it's all stanky feeling outside.
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at. 
Maybe you should get your cataracts removed to avoid walking into tree branches.
Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.
Sorry man, I have no idea either! 
I apologize for doubting you.
Just keep trying. Dont give up! If you are getting numbers that is half the battle...seriously.
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.
Most awkward looking super-athlete ever.
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.
lol i’m mean and i know it, it’s because i’m a pisces bitch 👅👅💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻💅🏻
Thanks, fixed it
HAHAHAHA... Damn it.... I knew that was coming. Alright, I will try to upload it into this thread on my lunch break.
Fair, although you'll get caught pretty easily like that
you still didn't answer the point....lol
So happy for you! Keep dancing, dancing is freedom!! Something we feel we will never have again. 
Fair enough. But he’d basically become an off tank with all that healing lol. I already get raped by reaper enough (tank main)
Yeah. I do wish you the best. It's not gonna be easy but I do. You're welcome!
I was very tunnel visioned at first haha didn’t even notice the arm
The cringe is just beautiful
I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.
"I find it hard to say ""no"" to anyone, but I knew if I didn't, he would have done exactly what you said. "
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute
Haha I’m two edibles in and have shoveled twice...
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.
They love me!
HA! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! That’s amazing. Thanks for starting my morning off with a good laugh. What a couple of idiots.
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....
Thank you.
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.
Wow spongebob was right!
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.
I love [NAME]
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles
**YOU CANNOT MURDER ME! IT'S ILLEGAL.**
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before
ok. thanks for the info!
EXACTLY. Not only is it incredibly important, but it's incredibly **fun** as well. 
I hate when these crooks say it ain't so cuz it is🇫🇷😤
I'm having the same problem. Hoping that there is some good advice in response to this! Hugs though hon, I feel your pain.
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?
Do you happen to know what time and program that was, please? I’d like to see it. Thanks. 
Good thing he throws like a 6 year old girl, otherwise this could've been serious. 
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.
I'm fine, how about you?
It’s my favorite part of the whole week
Ya it would suck good luck too you and your family man 👨✌️👍👍👍🤜
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.
Do not destroy your life bc of feelings for an underaged person. think back to when you were 14
That’s good
Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Thank you.
Everyone who is complicit in all this should be punished and questioned as to why they allowed this to happen. Complete disgrace!
The double standard. Taking pictures of women without their permission is taboo and creepy.
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. 
I also relate (and regret)
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.
NO GOD NOOOO!
no one loves me
I am so happy that sub exists
Take an upvote for Seinfeld 👍🏻
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad
Oh wow thank you all for your opinions, I was just curious and wanted to stare at cool skins :3
Protip- just smell your damn food. Use your senses!
Dude, wtf is this?
I would like to say that I see plenty of people in their young adult life that are still incapable of living on their own.. lol
Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.
Wow, now I am sad
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.
That entire family is so embarrassing.
Ah there it is
I mean just let it go and assume things aren’t going to work out. Drop it, so to speak.
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!
She's passed away.
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible. 
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box
that was a horrible call
Nice work gang!
I didn’t know that existed. Thanks, stranger.
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD
Lol yeah I did, that's why specified the killer, for survivor the fun comes from escaping so tunneling feels like shit
Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs)
162 Again, for the 7th straight year. Like usual lol
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.
I feel the exact same way. It makes me so insecure
Obviously the super sisters will save her.
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face
>Ruthless Lol, only in these people's minds, she's fine.
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way
Not this time
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.
I like how he called his mom asking if she was trying to contact him just so he could tell her what’s wrong
They are so damn handsome!
Seconded. I had the December one well into January and finally just changed to the Sabres logo. Still cool and all, but the schedules were awesome.
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.
Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that
One million points for Slytherin!
I want the man who makes me pizza from scratch and then lovingly hand feeds it to me. Completely realistic expectation.
What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!
They're awesome live too. Non-stop jamming. Seen them a bunch of times live.
There is one teacher, and 3 paraprofessionals. She is overwhelmed, and I want to help.
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning. 
Breast? Ah, I like it.
Nothings better then 2 teams that know exactly wut happend/parents that saw the game two coaches and a ref no good lawyer needed rlly just those people to talk
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.
[NAME] over there kneeling in front of a picture of [NAME] riding a dinosaur thanking his savior for giving him the strength to be conniving little twat
And I barely said anything 😂😂
[NAME] damn it [NAME].
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.
Stay safe. Love from KY!
"It just has to be ""unequivocal and unconditional"". ""Good faith"" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court."
It's not collapsing
No I don't, but I'm assuming they are true for arguments sake Why is more stress relevant or bad? 
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.
Stupid science bitch
Yeah I've noticed that. I probably give off Aspie traits to NTs but Aspie like traits bug me
Thank you destruct
And then everyone clapped and the teacher got on his hands and knees, begging to be spared from your superior intellect.
Great deal for us, happy he's back. Up next, [NAME]! 
Thank you everyone for the suggestions. I think they're great much easier than my thoughts of trying to donate money instead of the contents.
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.
Nope! But happy for you❣️
Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.
It’s deeply bizarre.
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.
Bloody Sundae ([NAME] x [NAME]).
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
Thanks for the info! Fellow dry eyelids , I guess I'll just keep using my usual.
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par. 
Lol. The majority of military jobs aren’t combat related.
Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔
I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.
That's honestly less than I expected.
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.
That was quite the read, very good story!
Haha, just like teaching.
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...
Thank you! I will!
Horrible how they just invade your space anytime any place.
Very interesting video. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you. It was just an idea that popped up that I figured I could ask here before proceeding with getting actual legal advice
Please don’t murder me
Anyone remember mean [NAME] burger and fries? That place was the jam!
Sitting down and wiping is disgusting. Especislly when using a public toilet. Fucking savages up in this thread.
Don’t fall for it.
JV for AD - i know its lopsided, but we need to swallow that pill.
I live for this comment 🙌🏻 i just thought it was me getting older and losing touch with whats “trendy” but am glad its equally hated
[NAME], that is so horrible. I’m so sorry for you and OP.
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.
"Glad it finally made it.. I was beginning to think ""[NAME], I hope this guy doesnt think I welched on the bet"". LOL"
Thanks, that makes a lot of sense. I feel better already :)
You're the biggest sack of shit to post here in some time.
I'd prefer her as an actual character
I do this. Every. Single. Time.
Typo...RBG lol
You must be fun at parties.
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this
Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films. 
Yes, I filed for a protective order. Other than that, there is no happy ending with a narc.
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].
Happy birthday kiddo, free updoot for u
Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.
It would bother me so much to be so dependet from a Person. I am sure there is a way you can go without a person sponsoring You.
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat
That's really awesome!
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol
It seems like someone felt personally attacked, lol.
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it
ooh a piece of candy
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!
"""every time she was in trouble I was there for her"" - the man who caused most of her troubles "
[NAME] eyebrows! Her highlight!
No the bubble is love. The bubble is life. With the bubble comes zero expectations and a sweet sixteen appearance. Such is life in South Canada.
You've aged horribly'
Glitter is awful for everything
This is brilliant
Hey daddy [NAME]
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.
I love trying new foods for the most part
I think a few guys on the team have said [NAME] just listens to country music lol.
And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!
I am usually quiet in those situations, but I will occasionally throw in a joke to get everyone laughing.
I love it! A smile from a stranger has really turned my day around, so I always hope I can possibly do the same! 
Hahahaha that one is my favorite [NAME] video
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh
Yea we need more good news to give other people hope, enough hope to give them a helpfull push to pursue what they really want. 
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys
Thank you very much. Follow up question what is a suura?
Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance
NSW Police have always being great with the current memes. I wouldn’t be surprised if it is a 15 year old running the page.
Lol! Too funny. Mine are depressed, they gave up. :(
This is wonderful. Hope to have him and that newly a Dad joy back on ice as soon as he's ready.
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos
Bipolar and talented. I am jealous. Incredibly beautiful.
Tbh I don't quite get the hype behind [NAME]
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol
Interested in Carlton stuff.
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.
Something my mom always told me is to say what you’re going to use a gift for in your thank you note.
Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.
Unemployment was also significantly higher at the end of Old Labours tenure than at the beginning. Yet nobody remembers that.
Except [NAME], he somehow defies any common sense and sometimes he comments here.
Better get a paternity test sorted for my munchkin of a partner and his equally munchkin daughter, he'll be thrilled. 
Lol alright dude. Nice chat.
"""joke's on you, I was only pretending"""
Put that back where it came from or so help me...
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. 
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn
Every time. There’s a montage with this song in the movie Spring Breakers and it’s fantastic.
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. 
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
Yes, In the edit, after I already made my comment. 
I had no idea this was a thing gas pumps could do. I've only ever seen ones you have to physically hold. This is mind blowing!
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.
Ever heard of the New Deal? Look it up, it was pretty cool.
This is truly the most captivating trilogy I’ve ever read. Eager to read the third story.
Boy where is you. We use to race on the parkway in highschool lmao.
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?
I agree with [NAME].
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)
Funny enough, there is a five guys. I don't think the government knows it's American.
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.
Because we’re fucking geniuses.
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead
Frank's Pizza Bombay Pizza Downtown is also pretty good, a bunch of different flavors. Luigi's Pizza Piola Star Pizza Pi Pizza
my gawd! This is adorable!
Thank you for the good chuckle.
She seems like such a happy kid too!
It’s funny u should go check it out
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable 
That was your saddest shortest story yet
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.
YOU WIN!
Pretty cool.
That’s the one!
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was ""fact"""
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].
 Therapy really is the only way. It's not easy, but maybe therapy will help you learn to love yourself enough to love someone else one day. 
Good job!
No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)
It is a great line though!
I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline
Thanks for the suggestion!
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.
Fair enough. The cake is definitely too much haha
>only ones who really suffer are sport and competition shooters. Which is likely the whole point What makes you think that?
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s
Feudalism is statism, dumbass.
Prices there appear lower than Banff and it would only be a short drive, thanks! I'll continue my research into Canmore.
It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.
[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
Tastes better? Or maybe totally worse I don’t have experience
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them
Glad it's not just me!
I haven’t seen the episode yet but wow, what a reach.
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.
The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me
Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!
Hmmm. She is Korean. Based on the early posts I didn't see that one coming.
welcome to the Idiocracy.
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an ""ignorance of economics"" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. "
That day was incredible.
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.
Still concluding I’m disingenuous despite getting your facts wrong. Big ego you’ve got.
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.
I'm liking the bums
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?
Wow starters before 6 min mark?? Insane
I read your story earlier today. Hun I'm here for you too. Pm me if you need.
We can do this son. You don't want to miss [NAME] win his first Rumble and become the new top guy.
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT
I told you you’re right it’s silly anyone would care about foreign intelligence attempting to influence elections. What a silly joke.
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!
Papaoutai still leaves me bald.
See i was kinda right in the first verse, thanks aha
Lol what boyfriend
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.
Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.
This franchise has been breaking my heart longer than you've been alive. Awesome.
This reminds me to take a before picture. I'm losing 5 kg of beer gut before May, got to fit into that dress. 
this is magnificent
agree, we are living in the feminist era where women want to be equal - so why should they be 'selective' in whats equal or not.
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats. 
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol
This was so good I groaned audibly.
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits
That sounds a little paranoid
The rhyme scheme is amazing
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.
Oh wow Thats definitely something
Oh cool. Did everything else that got listed not happen either?
They actively supported it before *mysteriously* going silent about it during and after the 2015 Labour leadership election.
Ah ok. Thank you!
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!
Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc
Lol. Imagine dying to a floating zombie
Yeah but everyone dies so that makes no sense lol.
Keep on going
could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot
I <3 your application of facts.
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face
"The real worst though is when she says, ""I love you more"" 100% seriously."
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.
He said i am being rude to her
Yep. He would also probably have had a not insignificant “metoo” moment.
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.
I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️
"LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being ""observing people""...including [NAME]! "
Thanks alot!
i like turtles
"I'm pretty sure most ""pick up"" artists in Asia pay the girls."
We seriously need to use all legal and ethical means to avoid losing our nation to the fascist oligarchy. We need desperately to cut out this deep cancer.
My favourite scene in the movie.
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome
Heavens to [NAME], guys, thank you so much for the gold! That was super-unexpected, but what a delightful thing to wake up to! :-D
Yep. Seriously painful to read
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.
I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.
We got heated toilet seats here in Japan. Big smiles.
I think they are tied together. It is very difficult to maintain desire if you cannot accept things about that person.
This is a bad post and you should feel bad for being the author
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time
Uber is fun and cheap.
ha, hardly. maybe the biggest city. Russia is fucking huge.
Sad for the people who contracted measles. Angry at the parents who didn't vaccinate their kids against measles.
That's disgusting. Apt.
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]
But I'm not happy
Sure. Let’s start with the terrorists with the biggest guns. How about Israel, or Saudi Arabia? 
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.
Atonement is just something else. [NAME] is just so lovely in his writing.
"Haha ""like a snake on a toddler"". "
I know! It amazes me every day, but I'm SO, SO thankful for those lists.
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me
I wish I had your efficiency. I can be at work a full shift and still get almost nothing done.
>I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.
Yeah i know, i'm just stating why it slipped my mind, i'm glad you brought it up. 
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.
Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph. 
Buddy rocket league fair? I’m play 2 but I play like champion 1 and just get shit teammates 😡
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.
Thanks for sharing.
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.
Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.
Bottom right is the cutest
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.
Can't wait to see the corporate oligarchs that are *lucky* enough to *randomly* get picked.
Ahem...of the savoury kind.
It dulls the pain
I failed with my play on words. Oh well, can't win them all
It was stupidmancostume
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was ""ItGetsThroughBoner""."
At least we know they have good taste
Yep that helps. I’m in a sneakarchy for sure. Thanks for the info!
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] 
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!
When you go get your things, if you can bring a friend. Wishing you all the best.
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.
Looked like [NAME] for some reason
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.
[NAME] playing sloppy
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.
Ur a dumbass
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...
Well, Detroit isn't currently marred by ownership and front office incompetence.
Okay, enough me being a great mom.
Your driving makes me sick [NAME]
This is kinda sad
I love you.
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.
Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.
i would love to have your neighbor!! he seems so nice! i really truly do hope you never meet that guy again.
Welcome to the club....
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits
No, you have the right too. Pretty crazy, but awesome thing we have. Freedom of expression.
Always toward absent lovers love's tide stronger flows.
Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting. 
Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say
I LOVE BASKETBALL
You're right. I totally forgot about [NAME].
Hope the best for him
Bulls medical staff misdiagnosing again, what else is new
That's funny stuff, there
I have literally been waiting for a “ [NAME]” I’m from Ontario Canada and love Texas.
You see what I mean . This is still bullshit that people won't expect that fact the alcohol and cigarettes harm your body more than weed does
[NAME] is so good at drafting too, but he just struggles as a head coach. I’d be ok with this 
If they rig the DNC once, they can do it again.
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.
Wow I hope TSM keeps this new midlaner they picked up.
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5
lol not wearing any clothes in the pic
[NAME], stop being [NAME].
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice
> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.
no worries, just clean your room
Triggered much druggie? Lol
Prove me wrong. Provide a single YouTube link that works! Thanks.
Bee happy! ' v')
>How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.
I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.
What is this an excerpt from? [NAME] was a treasure. I should read more of his stuff.
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.
The general rule is that [NAME] is talking rubbish whenever he opens his mouth.
Really liked your law and dragon ones man. Good stuff.
I hate my life
I wish AOC was old enough to run for president
Thanks!!!
Same. Even while not on my period I have lower back pain
Oh thanks this is really helpful
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay... 
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much
The government won't let scientists do studies on it, so we're stuck with anecdata until they stop being assholes.
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!
I hate having to take my shoes off!
Perfect, thank you!! [NAME] this week and [NAME] next week, I’m getting closer and closer to having them all!! :)
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo
I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man. 
That's so amazing! I am happy for you both!
Ah well, that'll do it. Thanks for the clarification. Should have been obvious really...
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.
I love the bus so much.
Thank you XD
Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. 
Good advice, thank you.
Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.
Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]
Wouldn't mind if it is [NAME]. Girl's got fire.
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
"I like this one, it's not a ""when you"" meme."
That's a cute spider.
Timing, most important part of a joke. The what's
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair
ITS MAM!
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy
Yes, and then look hurt when you glare at them for causing a scene and/or not being just as tickled as they are.
I was having a good day and it still really made me feel good. Had a bad day yesterday and it's still affirming to hear so thanks!
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?
Galaxy brained hot take Your IQ must be near [NAME] levels of hyperinteligence
Omg this is repulsive
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much
Nobody has been banned lol
Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔
Please. I can’t even with these comments.
Best email ever
The like is the worst of the bunch
I wonder how she would respond if he said this. It's almost worth doing to find out.... Almost
Can I just say that the Elizabeth Line is still a bloody stupid name, and no I don't think I'll just get used to it.
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!
Wow that was ...mind blowing.
You guys are a problem.
I blame [NAME].
I gotta take credit for YouTube because he recommends some sick underground artists but old ones? Never, at least for me
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time
They’ve always been bad my guy
Oh yes! You're great.
I mean it’s a default subreddit soooo... not really saying much lol
"""This is just unprofessional"" lol"
[NAME]!! Awesome!! He's the only one that i have anything signed by
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot
"Was the song ""New Light""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"
stay safe man
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!
Pure unadulterated hatred. It’s disgusting.
I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.
Such a handsome young man. He looks hungry. Are we not feeding him enough? Should I make some sandwiches? We're so proud of him.
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.
Yes, you said you are dying, I cannot do anything about that, hope you find peace
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.
Cool, I suspected that but I didn't really wanna waste a round. Thanks!
I love this! 🇦🇺
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.
Yes. And I wish people weren't so afraid to say it as many times as necessary.
> fooled into believing herself an interesting character Uh.. that isn't how movies work.
only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah
Well keep planting more!!!
I can’t wait!!!
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.
I'm so sorry
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh
Yous offered the guy a contract and he rejected you. Probably couldn’t afford him lol
Well, I say good luck to you !
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!
Hey, nice to be here 😏
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.
In fact I plan to start using them in my videos since I plan to make this year feel like 2009.
i’ve heard great things from the people who actually saw it. Thriller is my favorite genre so it seems right up my alley
Glad your boss backed you up
That's just damn creepy.
I agree its needs a bit more, due to the 88mm gun, I’ve got the heat T round which really is kinda useless,
I know, you see somehow the world is changing me and its so wonderful
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.
Hey, we all love South Park friend.
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.
Happy new year!
She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her
women just don't take initiative just give her one more opportunity after all as you said she flaked for legit shit
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha
I think if we survived during The Blitz I think we'll be alright now.
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.
You're very welcome, and I hope it's the hardest thing you ever have to do--meaning I hope it's all downhill from here. 
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes
I eat crayons I shit crayons
Good job! Next, I recommend going NO contact.
"Little kids are the best because they're just like ""Wtf?!?!?"""""
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy
Democrips & Rebloodicans was my favorite.
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.
Awe poor guy! He still has a sweet face even with the new addition. Glad they were ok.
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.
that missed dunk is so symbolic of [NAME] lol
Unfortunately that's a long old way from Sydney, but I'm glad teams don't mind having non playing members 
Y'all just joking but I want to hear what they eat, and I want pictures too so [NAME] step your game up 
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.
White Oleander is such a great book, I haven't thought about it for years!! Adding it to my kindle to re-read.
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol
Looks like he's got the funk.
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.
This thread is a good indicator that Canada has a ton of racists who also love Reddit.
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.
Lmaoooo how’d you miss him that close 😂 sweet justice
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says
"The true perk is ""knowing all the good local spots"""
I know right? Getting that wrong would’ve de-railed the joke.
So glad she died
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.
Everyone hates these posts but when we do post them it’s because we too are also proud of the work we do. Congrats!
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.
Thank you! Looks delicious.
Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.
thank you. I've blocked him on Facebook and text.
All the best. Safe travels.
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!
That's really creepy. What is crazy is that 9 year old's get cell phones now! Times have certainly changed :p.
I think that's more a matter of character's personalities, I think, more than development. But for the rest, I agree. 
I am also interested in this link!
I am happy with North Sydney, Milson's Point or Kirribilli and happy with the 19th too!
Wow great video. I love her.
Why do you think many feminists are angry?
damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.
They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.
Love your username!
Just cut it all of, you won’t look bad
Excellent as always
Dear [NAME], It’s time for the next flood. Thanks.
def a great thing to do (and to showcase for a storyline)
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!
Try being a Cubs fan in the Bay Area. I was walking on thin ice in 2016 haha.
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!
I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.
i started smoking cigars at 30 lol
Hahaha exactly, and deciding on even the most simple of things
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.
He wasn’t just a good boye He was the bestest
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often
Watson is a great dog name! I think you just named my next dog!
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.
It could indeed apply to many gods from many different creations myths...which is his point. Everyone knows!
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous
good. can't even describe just how terrible this entire thing was. just make 1000% sure this is the right guy.
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed. 
That's true, but you see, one man can really make a difference. [NAME] I loved the movie
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!
Good one.
Why was the discrimination and ghettoization of [NAME] prior to their extermination legal? Because legislators sometimes don't care for morality.
That isn't in the rule.
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.
good to know. thanks!
Do you fucken mind
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke
this is so true!
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.
Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.
I'm really excited for this. I loved the sense of adventure / danger in Sunless Seas.
I’m naming my dog Sebastian! So I can kinda relate ( lol, def not the same). Love the name though.
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.
You are awesome, i envy you
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.
Thank you. That was driving me crazy. I thought her response would actually be her correcting him.
Me too thanks!
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...
Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help
you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more
Pretty sure he's by far and away the biggest asshat on this sub lmao
That's because there are a lot of other attrocities that have happened since then. [NAME] aren't the only ones facing discrimination.
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.
The concept, design and artwork are gorgeous. I would love to buy this skin if it was available in game. 
Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people 
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.
You'll be stronger as you continue your journey, never give up
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.
"I love that logic ""I don't like it so it must not exist."""
That sounds awesome! Thanks for the reply!
And then we wish for winter because it's so damn hot, thus the cycle continues. 
Deflections don't help your cause.
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.
Would love to see her back but not a chance in hell until the series finale, if that.
That was very interesting. Thanks for effort to write this up!
It really do be like that
[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.
Gonna try GW2, might try GW1 if I don't like it. Thanks!
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history
RAIN was amazing Strange seeing [NAME] and [NAME] looking so much younger
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing
Keep fighting the good fight
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.
I loooooove Tiff!!!
I really love watching this one more than the goals.
I know from personal experience that that can be the end of any good relationship.
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" "
I think that you might just need to wait a little for the right significant other to show up
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy
disappointing click of the day
...to win the popular vote, which she easily did.
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me
great reference my friend
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!
I totally agree with you. Porn is unnatural and creates honorless cuckolds.
Nothing happens. However, I'm glad that ICOs have ceased to appear. 
I miss being practically jello as a kid
AWIL, great movie.
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge
Damn, good luck dude hope it goes well.
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.
This guy seems like a real genius.
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this
"Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. ""The harvest is up"" ""People happier than ever"""
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-
Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.
Lol. Weed is a he'll of a drug. I'm not changing a thing. Prey away.
This is great! [NAME] the legend
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot
That does make sense. Thanks.
Now this is a Contrapoints video I want to see
He's been amazing tonight
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right
I have nothing to say to you.
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.
Hahaha thanks for sharing that is simply amazing. You probably gave the buyer a good laugh too.
I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill
i don't think we really need to sign anybody to replace [NAME] assuming that pulls through, we can go small ball with [NAME] at the 4 or [NAME]
I just went to post this but you beat me to it lol
Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! 
[NAME] bless [NAME] for unlocking Michigan's Anger-Swag.
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
Sweeter than ever.
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.
 Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. 
That is one cute baby. I don’t think all babies are cute either. But this is a really cute baby.
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol. 
Sorry pal, it’s actually one of my least favorites :/
Lol. Yes! [NAME] and his $14,000 suit love you but please don't touch him.
Weird game lol
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.
Thanks. We'll do our best :)
Ahem. Second best NA
Good luck!
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]
i’m fking crying lmaoooo
"Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. ""No."""
They look pretty great tbh stache and all
I think the hulk could do all of that at once, and fold the wrench with his finger tips
It will be painful but it will be worth it! Good Luck, and may you never be a slave to a drug again !
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!
Oh, it’s actually its own thing. I heard goo and just assumed the worst.
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!
This is just so beautiful, man! 
They sound amazing :)
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh
Ok thank you
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you
Keep going... 😏😏😏😏
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.
Sure. The subject of her video was certainly creepy and obnoxious.
"Its actually ""[NAME]"" , not ""[NAME]"".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened "
[NAME] is honestly really badass and he has a great design I hope they give him something good to do in 11
I'd sure as hell hope their washing their hands after at least.
Thanks. Nice input as always.
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy
Oh well, okay, it worked!
"They seem to have very ""sick"" laws in Saudi Arabia. Where women don't have any protection from government against their perpetrators."
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research
Was thinking this would go the route of actually eating the thin guy. Bravo. 👏👏
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that ""Nothing changed"" now. Is that progress? /s"
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.
I mean, he is a terrible president. 
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.
We did it chief
Slovenia is awake and ready for some Mavs magic!
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh
Move on bro. Don't sit around waiting for someone. If it's meant to happen later, it will.
>Poly people look at the numbers and just see lots of opportunities ;) I like how that's put
Hi, [NAME]! I just wanted to stop by and wish you peace and happiness! -HappyFriendlyBot
Well that wasn’t my argument all i said was that the second amendment is aimed att the state
Wow thank you so much for explaining all that to me! It sounds like you guys have a great system going on - very organized.
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
Lol, nice try. 
Thanks for the info, give credit to the artist
Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today. 
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol
It's not a fair question.
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast
you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)
I see, I can't see it. I'm on mobile. Thank you very much for the info. Have a lovely Wednesday afternoon!
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either
Don’t know why I didn’t think of that..but hey thanks, hero!
The type of gun he's holding. My bad, my joke wasn't as obvious as I thought.
Blooming Villain with Willpower a close second. Heavily emotionally charged songs used at very dangerous events that suit the theme perfectly.
I'm sorry, when did a subreddit become a sacred institution? That's a false equivalency.
Thanks for the encouragement and sharing. It is nice not looking at it every 2 hours!
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers 
Get him back -- as in figure out what went wrong and see what you can do
lmao i love this!
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!
this is good. well done.
I didn't even think about counselors or talking to my obgyn. That's a great idea! I really appreciate the advice and encouragement :)
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.
Who wants to muddy the water with facts... Ha
Strange how it's funny until your mate's getting his arse handed to him.
Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive 
No kids, I have a broken oven. When my marriage fell apart that was a blessing.
Beautiful view!
I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.
You seem fun.
These things are so cool.
Some seriously embarrassingly bad fan fiction too
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?
Yep and what a wonderful land it is. My favorite place in the world Edit: omg everybody so mad 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere
Fuck is exactly what she's good for
i understand that means i will have no luck for compensation
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.
[NAME] is so goddamn good
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.
You are an asshole.
I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs
I’m so happy for you! Keep doing the damn thing! :):)
lol Remember Faces of Atheism?
It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in. 
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting
It looks cool, but I’m really hoping they open up a non-permadeath server and allow transfers.
ITT: “lol buzzfeed” even though Buzzfeed News is a completely different entity
Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.
I'm happy to hear all that.
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.
I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.
It’s possible that the dog just escaped. Especially since it might be excited by the massive crowd running
Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂
Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.
I can't even be mad that you scored a goal with your face.
Damn i am sad that got deleted
Is it that good ? i'd need it too in that case :(
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you 
Not too much, I’m talking to a girl right now that’s 5 years younger than me lol.
Dude, she had just lost her baby, too. 
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling. 
You consider 15-17 year olds people too!?! Thanks, i suppose!
Those bastards lied to me
I meant one sided comment. My bad
Im glad [NAME] was there for us
I read that as [NAME]. Lol
I just saw it on there... pretty cheap to be such a old item... starting bid on one was a $1
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)
gorgeous pic!
Stop spraying chemicals daily in the sky.
I hope it all works out for you and your baby girl, its hard doing it alone but itll be worth it for her. :)
Thank you, and I am. I'm definitely fine with regretful parent, I'd flair myself that if I had an actual computer at hand.
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause! 
She’s actually crazy
I miss [NAME]
It was or I’d have walked out!! Lol!
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her
Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.
I hope. Sirens got me excited
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!
Get yourself a £1. Still occasionally get them.
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.
< video does a good job explaining push/pull.
Cake! Happy days!
I'd Post this corrected version right under theirs. Every Time. LOL!!!
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.
Debs a bitch
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.
Your welcome.
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet, 
"[NAME] using that ""maybe if I guess every outcome I can still say I was right"" logic."
Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.
Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.
"""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging
Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is
Lol, thank you!
Nope, not my department.
It's beautiful. I would eat it with gusto. Do something more shitty in the future
Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!
Sometimes this is the hardest thing to deal with. I also am still clinging to a crush with a close friend. Just be honest.
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
Look at her all grown up 😍beautiful.
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. 
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!
lol my mom once told me that alcohol can't be a drug because it's legal
It's better for the future to suck and draft top 5 than be mediocre and draft 12th?
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.
Love when this happens. Thank you, oh wise one.
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !
lol out loud
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.
[NAME] a good guy who hosts leagues full of people who want to have fun. Check it out!
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!
This card has been awesome so far. Great debut for ESPN.
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.
Haha its okay!
Not my proudest fap
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ
I woke up drunk and mouthy
Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.
What a weird thing to say.
When dunking is your only offensive move you will be efficient. Hope he gets stronger and learns to not be in foul trouble.
And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events
Love it yeet
I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.
Go take care of your boy up top of this chain, then we'll talk.
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...
I used this one just last night. Worked like a charm
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad
Nice work. I really want the full scene in this format.
What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.
The most intimidating man in football
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it
I miss [NAME]
Happy cakeday 🎂
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME]. 
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed
I like spicy, but I have made poppers with mini bell peppers and they came out great. Good to have options
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].
That's a fantastic reply! Thanks.
Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.
Not sure how you got that outta my post. I play a lot of non-meta stuff all the time just because I find it fun or challenging.
She's hot.
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.
I love how at one point you're following behind her hair watching her dodge a spear
Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!
i like the poster
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.
Thank you!
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].
Why is everyone smoking out of straws and shit?!
I love chicken
Hard agree it’s sooo creepy. I hope she’s ok that man had serial killer written all over him.
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.
She's probably increased in usage now cause people want the wins for that Bastet skin lol
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.
Men don't tend to have bags as big, I reckon
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.
#Garbage site for assholes
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. 
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this
I love it
I’m very sorry for the loss of your friend.
You have social anxiety go see a doctor
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could! 
fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.
And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...
I feel a connection to this woman
I'm gonna be brave and tickle the cop.
That’s my point.
Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.
BPC-157 may help you in healing. I wish you the best. You totally dodged several bullets.
Neon carrot is amazing and great for your body.
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.
thank you!
AWESOME!!!! I'M GONNA TELL MY MOM HOW EPIC THIS IS AND MAYBE SHE'LL TAKE US TO CHUCK E CHEESE!!!
Oh man, I love [NAME]. She's so consistently good. 
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...
That would be greatly appreciated.
Except you didn't and it's still false.
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.
This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland
donate! it feels sooo amazing :)
You’re right. With IDs coming temple desk workers will look an awful lot like TSA workers.
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].
Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country
Obviously, there's only a few inches, but I could never really see any improvement. i thought it would be a good supplement option for you.
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that. 
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.
Australia... Nooooooooooo!
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.
[NAME] a fantastic word poet
Uncle [NAME] doesn’t deserve this
I like how bro is just underlined for no reason
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.
THIS IS THE JOKE
I ... I like you
Definitely bitter, lol.
Reality is often disappointing
nice, was a big fan of REQ but haven't kept up with their progress much the last year
Bravo, that looks beautiful. Though i know for a fact that i would find a way to fall face first on those things sticking out.
Thanks so much!!!
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.
great meme chief, but an NSFW marking would be nice b/c of the swastika
Nice, congrats!
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...
You make less than zero sense.
It’s getting so annoying
This is even remotely funny
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it
It's interesting but would be super impractical as a prosthetic for an amputee or someone with a limb deformity.
That is really awesome you found something like that for him. Have a great time.
Start taking psyllium husk and literally every poop will be your best.
Lmao it wasn’t free, we were stealing
That actually looks super, super cool.
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting
i get the joke and still think this sucks.
🤣that is so cool
Y so serious
My toes hurt watching this
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!
This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it
No, their reaction was just as bad.
Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.
Why nothing will change at all ... lol
what a crazy ride
It is actually out on the steam store right now.
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.
This is cursed
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO
His videos are great.
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.
So we ARE paying him, but his 8.7M cap hit won't apply right? We should have pretty good amount of fun money for FA. 
I regret that I have but one upvote to give for your post. Very powerful.
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.
Isn’t banning people for their point of view against the whole fucking concept
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!
"That comment about ""kill him with kindness"" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol"
You're a legend.
I don't know, I was to busy getting annoyed by [NAME] whiny entitlement to dislike [NAME]
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish
Love the cheese!
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic
I don't follow him but I don't see a problem if he wants to do that. Maybe he's just inquisitive.
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid
I don't think we could afford the expense bill for coming out of a pretty cushy retirement.
Is there some scripture you could quote me? I'd like to read up on it just to be sure for myself
Well I like [NAME] but other than her, I don't know any interesting asian youtubers. so help me out
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.
Utter nonsense from yourself.
Thank you brother
This is awesome. What did they play?
Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. 
Whew! I’m glad [NAME] was caught. I hope you’ll never have to deal with her again.
"Reminds me of ""This Be The Verse"", haha."
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.
It never ends well
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.
I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.
The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]
Thanks, came here for this
Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal
Let's not name anything after him. Even if it's a disorder, the incels will take it as recognition and pride.
Good job...
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.
Your sacrifice will be remembered.
Thanks for the info, appreciate it. 
I would pay good coin to read that love story.
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.
Thank you for your help my friend
Nobody would flop like that in practice
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful
Yeah me too, because I would’ve been a lot more pissed if they would’ve got tired of waiting and left.
Oh my god, I'm so glad this wasn't just me. I thought my YouTube was broken!
Hell yeah! Make sure you get your tickets in advance because we are getting very close to selling out!
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].
Oh wow, that's interesting! Genesis is a pretty interesting take on the luxury car market, hope the brand succeeds!
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule
You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo
If the goal of this show is to consistently find people with horribly annoying voices, I have to say the producers are spot on. 
Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.
I think you'll find there is only one big one, lasting less than an hour.
Thank you! I am surprised with the amount of feedback I am getting. I was not careful with my word choice.
Falling for such low quality bait
It’s almost def happening and there nothing you can do about it lol
I don't really know a time or date though, I'm open to ideas and availability discussion
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.
I liked [NAME]...
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.
Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.
Until he goes back to school on Tuesday and all his friends are SO RELIEVED that he’s back safely.
motivated me to get up and pet my boy [NAME]. we don't realize pets are fininte... i hope you find you peace
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too
It’s literally a meme ideology. Sstaaaaahhhhpppp
50% completion percentage and was losing 31-10 at the half. Congrats, he got garbage time yards/points when [NAME] was just icing the game. 
Sounds like an edgy 14 yo that just had his first kiss
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.
liberals are filthy animals
It is part of the political game unfortunately.
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.
I had a big omnibus edition. It was great, but a good 4-5 inches thick!
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke
Be yourself and be kind. That matters more than tiny differences. ❤️
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.
>Nice tip. I'm gonna wakeup fast against [NAME], [NAME] etc now 
Ive missed this kind of rant. Thank you. Thank you so much.
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.
Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(
Clean your room before daddy [NAME] gets home.
It was a good sub before the porn took over
Pregnancy test. No matter how old I am, I am still embarrassed. 
I wish climate change could draw crowds like this. If only it were a more pressing issue. /s
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.
"""oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"" "
No way, that was brilliant!
Super cool to see
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time. 
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me
This is awesome! I want the same interaction for [NAME] & [NAME] and [NAME] & [NAME]!
You know, I’m something of a friend myself
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot
Nice try cat daddy ;)
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.
I did misread i saw 23-27
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
I could go, but honestly, it is the worst place on earth. I have 0 desire to do it.
I don't see much reason for it even as a 2nd.
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue
Shipping container? More like an entire aircraft carrier covered in it.
I’ve only been there once but really enjoyed it!! But I think it’s missing a pool table ;)
I agree with everything you said, except the Witten part he is [NAME] awful....that whole MNF crew makes it unwatchable.
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. 
Feels like cod
Thanks for this!
No one is stopping you. I will laugh at you, but go ahead. 
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester. 
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)
Mother knows best.
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment
Thank you for sharing your thoughts. What about alternatives to enable change?
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well
Can you apply to some kind of help within your university? Sorry this is happening to you.
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys
Lol, I’m surprised more people didn’t catch that. Thanks for the med check! 
Hope he enjoys the ticket he is going to get.
A true internet classic.
It's wonderful and gives me happy happy feels
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(
Dang something actually useful rather than a skin we won't use cuz we already have Belzebub
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.
Hurt his ankle but he’s okay apparently
Glad those underprivileged West Loop kids will finally have something nice to take advantage of.
Respect for the person to let you know upfront.
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!
Love the post bro. Gave me a lot of ideas.
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting
Handsome man! Getting cuter with the years.
Lol I have my moments!
Does not look bad! Thnx!
That's amazing! I think that's great! I wish you the best in 2019! Please keep us updated!
A cheater is always a cheater in my book.
If your partner is so consumed by his addiction that he chose it over you, you know what to do.
I want this cat
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.
Probably not making good pass decisions.
Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...
Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.
I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?
Thank you so much for posting this! I've thought this way for a long time and it's very comforting to see that I'm not alone :3
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you
"I'm irritated by the upside down ""Anti Crease"" bit more than anything. "
And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.
Funny you ask
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments
Their stuff is actually really amazing! Everything from brushes to lipsticks I've loved
Good stuff [NAME]
Wow, now that you say that . Although, we do have [NAME], South Park, Family Guy and American Dad now. Mmmmm, [NAME] 
[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.
I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.
Dig up, stupid! 
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.
Why the fuck would I post something on r/niceguys and pretend to be the woman talking shit about myself?
I love people that will go out of their way to save a small animal from traffic. Always help the cute ones! And they're all cute!!
I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.
Fantastic! Thank you for the info sir!
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D
Nice try GRU.
Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway 
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. 
You're not wrong. Hahaha
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme
This is still one of my favorite photos.
We’re gonna need a bigger boat.
I laughed.
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore
Fuck yeah dude. I need pizza now also. The beer and bourbon are flowing nicely. Cheers and happy New year
Gone Girl 2 looks like it's gonna be great.
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.
Thanks man! This was great. :-)
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!
i would just like you to know that even though that dipshit didnt read what you wrote, i did, and i appreciate it. very good post.
Wow.... So many people here apparently don't know poly relationships exist.... Just say thanks. Why would it be weird?
This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub"
It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. 
[NAME] Housekeeper is really funny lol
This is actually a beautiful picture lol
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly). 
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.
Underrated joke... haha
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.
Yes!!!!! THIS!!
Elite Disrupter and Elite Stryfe. Also, thanks.
Are you [NAME]? Haha Kidding but shouldn’t feel that way, you tried it and now try to look for something that will keep you going. 
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.
My wife's birthday today, we are going for dinner with my lovely girlfriend later, after meeting at ours for coffee and cake. Very happy
We saw them last year from Baker Beach. So many whales!
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.
Ohhhh, that makes sense. Cheers mate 
Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...
He was transgender or wanted to be as well. Super rare case in a few ways.
holy crap that's messed up.
"Justifying a potential rape because ""it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful,"" Wow. "
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them
ur really cool too! *gives you a party favor*
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.
Yeah, I actually like the combination of the two styles of names thought. Love the LAFC and the LA Galaxy...lol
"""Electricity scam""? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot."
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies
But you've been openly critical of men's rights and have defended feminism.
That’s a great idea! Thank you :)
I might have accidentally brought some back when I went to Peru. 🤦🏻‍♀️ Ah man I loved pisco.
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason. 
Thanks man, words give me strength
Thank you [NAME].
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.
That kid is beautiful
Totally agree. Their Rogue One commentary track is the only one I've never replayed, simply because he makes the same damn joke throughout the whole thing.
In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.
This was wild, laughed the entire post
I completely agree they got fucked on that no call. And I absolutely love it.
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.
So now disabled people don’t have rights . You get worse .
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.
Nice, thanks man
[NAME]. i love it
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂
You’re a good man. Stay blessed
Absolutely same.
100% agreed. If wanting people to understand the meaning of my comment makes me a coward, then I don't wanna be fucking brave.
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!
Lol that’s classic!! Thanks.
medical care in the US sucks.
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...
Thanks! I was actually considering that myself, but I'm scared that I'll just start rambling about it 
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.
Normally don't like telling people the value of their opinion, but this opinion... Is 100% correct carry on 
unrelated, but i love your flair
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown
If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].
"Seriously. ""Haha british people pronounce something funny"" ""Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt"" "
Omg I can't stop giggling lol!
you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.
Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.
Always look before you jump.
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.
Wait what’s wrong with [NAME] lol I’ve never had any problems listening to him personally
Ahhhh the good old anecdote
Fair enough, I respect your perspective.
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way
THIS. Thank you for this.
It was balanced by also adding relics , you could have some pretty cool variations in your games if they added a system similar to both !!
Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.
I look cuter in red P’s.
Yes, and you must be a loonbag. 
Why is [NAME] me though lmao
My favorite gusgasm
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.
no problem!!! :) have a great day, thanks for taking the time to comment
" ""What do Scottish people look like?"" How I would love to have been there to take a swing at that softball. "
You are disgusting.
No you pick a different hero. Aint fkn rocket science.
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
"Wallah Lmao It's ""voila"""
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.
30% of the country are insane.
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.
its ok i understood
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.
She sucks but you don’t sound much better
At least you admit it. That is good.
If you keep grinding you could become rookie of the year 2020 imo
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.
Good luck with your short
Yes, yes he did
Yes. It's a good trigger for discussion to move past [NAME] model, though.
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.
I'm sorry to hear. I wish you the best of luck with everything! Just know that we're all here for you ❤️
hugs back! thank you for writing and being here with me.
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.
When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!
There’s a special place in hell for u
Pistons gonna have to part with something the fans don't wanna give up. Haha
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part
That’s awesome.
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet. 
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!
[NAME] is ruining the Pittsburgh Steelers culture...don't fucking @ me. Sinking fucking ship
Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!
I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.
I do love the Baroque style as well! All the Church’s I ever saw in Mexico especially the cathedrals in are simply amazing.
Thank you [NAME]. Best of luck. I'll always remember your goal to clinch MLS Cup 2017.
Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !
Nah you're fine. This is why all sou-chefs are heathen
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.
I'd be honored
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!
These posts must make people want to be security guards.
Follow your gut instinct. You will be ok. You are young and have a bright future.
Just a reminder in case anyone forgot that UGA got embarrassed by Texas:
I like the way your brain works OP. Always did enjoy bugs bunny humour.
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.
That IS a fun fact
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better
My dosage was increased 2 weeks ago and I've noticed the issues getting worse. With your comment, I'm really leaning towards them being side effects.
This is simply honesty + humility. Indeed, very respectable.
lol, you dieded
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.
Happy for u!!
Haha. This is awesome. And I can't unsee it.
That LOD is a moron
Cute but I dont like where this is going
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase
A part of my soul died from reading that. Thank you for making me dumber from this experience.
I wish, have to wait 3 weeks
I mean hes been coat tailing, might as well make it obvious
I think its safe to assume that we're clearly referring to the article and topic at hand.
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!
Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.
I'd say that the vast majority of the population is and was rightly looked on as horrific. Christmas music makes me feel like a real [NAME].
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy
Love the headline though
Damnit. Have a big trip planned for the first week of February. Can't wait to get to the airport 5 hours early.
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.
Great info. Thx
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx
If the issue is Abortion yes. My generation was genocided.
I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...
Lol, good luck with that, kid.
I love this so much, glad [NAME] made it to San Jose after all
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.
That is not a law. It's a freaking poem that someone decided to write.
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure
Sooooo much upper body strength. My GOD the muscles. He's positively rrrrrrrripped!!
Thank you. I’ve been feeling a bit better since they make people happier.
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.
I don’t think you even know what you are talking about yourself
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.
Gonna use this on my kids tomorrow, thanks kindly
Sandwiching an argument between two insults. I like it - I might try it. Maybe that will get people to agree with me
I'm sorry man sounds bad
Yeah I agree with you tbh. A rough patch of form from us and the 5 point lead could be gone fast
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.
Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.
My hero!
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post
Kids Day in Toronto, Leafs STHs donate their tickets to kids so there's like 10,000 kids in the arena today. Pretty cool thing they started last year
If someone starts that, I’ll join in. Their mods help perpetuate it all.
Good idea!
WOOO!!! You go boy!!! Good job!! That’s a huge milestone checked off and SURVIVED! Yay!!!
Be careful of ticks tho
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s
That’s awesome man!
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.
Love to see pics like this.
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.
Holy fucking shit
It only gets worse kiddo. Someone call [NAME] and get this girl an upgrade.
Thanks for sharing! I can so see me taking the scraps when he inevitably is having a good day and reaches out. I will resist!
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close
You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.
Last year was also the first time we drafted a lineman before round three since [NAME], so I think the earlier look at linemen was needed haha
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.
These people have absolutely no confidence in their ability to make a living. It’s pathetic.
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time
I am glad the media got everyone all riled up before this information came out.
Lol. Thanks for the advice friend
Lol. Yes, the contractors know
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.
sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now
The sin was refusing to impregnate his brother's widow when [NAME] directly told him to. It's not just about wasting semen.
[NAME] is also in a HEAP of financial and technically legal trouble right now. lol
Honestly, this is hilarious. Did he reply?
> I know I should feel happy why
He is way overrated.
Thank goodness she came clean! no one would have ever suspected otherwise!
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks
It's seriously terrifying!
I agree, there’s no salt on that pretzel...monstrosity!
Congrats keep going
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬
Subscribed! I love it.
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.
Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay
I wish I could draw... :L
He also probably hasn't finished school but has seen like, all the [NAME] lectures so he totally already know everything.
so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.
North end pizzeria! Best pizza in town
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
You didn't need to split this into two posts...
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.
She was carrying all my burdens >:((
This is wild omg. Also, happy cake day twin!
This is so amazing 😍
I love when people make proclamations without backing any of it up with examples or proof.
[NAME] bless you, massive truck driver. Stay safe.
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. 
nope. not hers.
The great nation of Texas (excluding Austin) will rise up and purge these heretics.
Miss you...
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people
What a unit
At no point in the game has that been true
Happy to help!
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...
I agree I think this version of pac has the biggest chance against floyd
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.
YES. Thanks man. Now I can feel less weird about my 20-year long passive aggressive rivalry with my sister. That means a lot.
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. 
This looks amazing. I'm sure Netflix will cancel the series in February.
Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.
Erin's is so precious
Well dayum that was cool.
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.
Today I saved lots and lots of people from being raped by me. Now I really *do* feel created in [NAME] image.
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!
Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.
*wrap* happy birthday
This person should be outed to the world. What a reckless pos
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.
"""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!"" I can imagine."
That needs a standalone cooler to plug into just to operate effectively lol
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?
YES EXACTLY THANK YOU ...if only more lower and middle income voters understood this.
I love your entire look, from your hair to your pout to the wallpaper (!)
"She loves to scream ""[NAME]"" during anal."
It's a black cockatoo. They're rare and kind of beautiful to see.
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid ""guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??"" posts are the absolute worst"
Im not going to swear
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.
I’ve missed my sweet prince
Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.
Who cares. [NAME] is draining the swamp. Get over it
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.
Trier [NAME] chemistry looking nice
[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.
I love this post so much. Really drives the point home and made me laugh!
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...
thanks <3 *hugs*
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this
this is a fun and cute presentation etc WAAAAAAAH
I hope this doesn't means we won't get to see [NAME] as playable god.
Looking good boah
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
Whatever dude dong worry about it... it’ll get handled
He's not wrong.
That is beyond disgusting.
Still. He didnt have to go after that ball. Thats just his nature though, he doesnt give up. Hope its not very serious. 
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.
[NAME] smashed some kitkats on their table for internet points. Very cool.
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....
I'm in. Hopefully I don't end up on the dumpster fire that is the Oilers
Nope, although I have some Serbian-American friends there who danced for the Tamburitzans :)
I will kill you all
It's so sad
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here
I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to. 
You really need to stop hanging out with those people.
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”
I'm going to look so handsome for you, [NAME].
Gets right back on his phone call. I like it. Must’ve been one important booty call.
Fun fact about this band is [NAME] the Black Keys and countless other stuff) has produced all of their albums.
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭
I don’t CARE!
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.
Heyyy bear hug!
[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.
"They're not ""likes"" you fucking moron."
omg, id cry if this was my store 
The kind look on his face certainly helps
Nice job dude!
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading
Woah I never thought of that... thank you!I'll say my news resolution is to bake more lol
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis
I would love that, I kind of miss him
Thank you for taking the time and effort to try and understand, you sound like a good friend
Good dog.
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.
Thanks for this 😂
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure. 
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].
I feel you, names are the worst. 
Instant karma for an impatient jackass who doesn't deserve the right to drive.
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(
I was afraid of that .
Nice mix of trashy and classy.
This sent shivers down my spine
Is that for hazmat? And thanks bro👊
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.
If someone calls I will text them and say I can't talk right now. No matter what I'm doing.
Horrible waste of time.
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!
Lol, wut
Happy New Years, sidepiece!
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄
I second that
I never thought about that last part - how cool! He is lucky to have you for an owner, you seem very caring!
I'm still rocking my Pebble 2SE.
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.
4! The sweetest year.
My lawyer is on it and I have been advised to not speak with respects to legal matters until we have things resolved. Thank you for your support.
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.
Lol I wish
Woooooo theres the boeser we know and love
hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.
happens all the time (at least to me) when you have a bad ping (80+), games broken lol
The idea of that sucks!
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... 
Yes. Things come back fast, though. I think its an aspect of the 'eternal adolescent' brain.
She might be hungry too since she didn’t lose her head ... feed that skinny thang
This is a family friendly sub; please don't say the McC-word.
I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.
if its not for [NAME] i will combust into flames and I will die
I'm really appreciate someone saying this.
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.
That was amazing!
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.
Rule 2, 3, and 7. Impressive. Goodbye.
Thanks for the post [NAME] hang in there bb.
Yeah because streaming services don’t pay their artists well enough
Oi he got stabbed in the eye
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake 
Loved him in Gavin and Stacey! Thanks for the recommendation
That sounds exactly like polos
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.
Looks very realistic to me. Ever been to Copenhagen? They did it despite a population density higher than San Francisco's.
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing
That’s wonderful
[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.
Cuba's great. There's shredded pork everywhere
Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.
"Didnt know that, just saw ""LG"" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/"
This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings
Thank you friend
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.
Happy Birthday!!
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!
Hmm I thought I was playing the game for fun and excitement and unlocking skins was just an added bonus
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.
Love this!!!
Stay strong! Get well soon!
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!
I'm with you!!!!!!
The next year: Well, sequel time already, huh? Welcome back, I guess.
This is your first boyfriend so you're overanalyzing more than you normally would. It's your issue you just have to move past it.
"Not literally sell, but trying to ""sell the experience."" All you'd do is just walk around a cemetery lol."
I love [NAME].
Damn, what a savage. Spoken like a true brother. X'D
Fuck daesh *
You will miss 100% of the shots you don’t take, you just gotta take a chance and see.
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless
I had one of those... my cat broke it.
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull. 
Yayyyy [NAME]!!!! Now go get a hat trick tonight!
That’s always good to be away from toxic people like that. Try to keep yourself from those types of people, they can ruin your life.
Haha, no. But probably just because I hadn't thought to do it.
Lay off the drugs dude
How does it actually work? Thanks for the response; aspiring entrepreneur with no knowledge of corporate finance
I am now weirdly aroused
Ever since I could squat, deadlift, and bench more than my father he never questioned my decision. haha
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.
I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny
Thanks man....
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad
I completely agree, someone would take a flier on the kid.
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.
Not at all!
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time
Now this is some good fucking content
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.
Don't even bother with him lol. He's a mindless sexist, doesn't believe facts at all lmao
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!
Lets just say its probably cheaper to just hope a more positive outlook reflects on your out-look.
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!
I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit
2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.
Oh lord that's nasty. Guess I'm getting some fried chicken tonight.
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.
Funny they decided to show a bunch of T2 images demonstrating the chronic microvascular ischemic disease and omitted the diffusion which had the more interesting findings pertinent to TGA.
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised
Glad we got that criminal off the streets! No-good [NAME]. Tsk tsk
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.
So cute!
Fucking Real Madrid
This seemed so out of character but I was like cool. Weird.
Enjoy your karma
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.
Hahaha I know this one, thank you SORTED boys!
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.
Yep gave me goosebumps.
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.
Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.
That looks pretty cool
That sounds awesome actually
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.
Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.
Eat the damn rich already!
No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.
Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.
Hahaha love it
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.
Absolutely horrible.
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.
Seconded! [NAME] is gorgeous.
Omg this is the best idea I’ve ever heard for a rework
happy birthday, have some gold!
!!!!! Best girl
Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.
I'm still testing the waters. Hazelnut mocha latte with almond milk is da bomb!
Yes officer, this one here
I love when [NAME] plays like this
Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.
Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”
Good [NAME] ^(that's perfect)
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.
You are so pretty.
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.
I love it. The only thing faker than their lies is them. I’m glad the girl was able to get her divorce.
Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!
 [NAME], this isn't a guy who built the railroads here. 
I agree. But, if you were delivering shrimps-n-gritz betcha you'd be tempted. 
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.
Poor attempt for karma I think
Why do some people use tbh after everything
You seem real salty, lol. Enjoy having a 4th grade reading level bruh 
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.
Wow thank you! I’m gonna do that!
Don't worry, with a lifestyle that requires them to have a new hip before the age of 20 they won't be making it much further.
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
Yeah, sorry for that one. Some opportunities are too good to pass up.
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol
because it's fun
> Nothing mentioned about him thinking to transfer. That's what this whole thread is about, dork.
Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
Paula Weed is the best troll ever.
No, I'm anti racism.
The comic relief of the cat world - when they’re not tearing the flesh from your bones
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is. 
Uh oh. I think I love Calabro. That was a hilarious call. Gotta love it!
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.
I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.
Thats fair. I know its a joke it just always struck me as odd how people wrote it off. No worries.
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!
Though I encourage! For an opportunity to play a game of such grand anticipation as this, is a sweet fortune.
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering
Happy Easter everyone!!
nah [NAME] ditto is a bad idea. Unless the marth is really bad he's gonna get 4 stocked quick
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...
it only flatters them when they’re posed a certain way. but other than that, it looks awful and uncomfortable
If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.
Glad to hear it's ubiquitous and not an OS thing.
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued
we love critical impactful discourse
Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?
shitposts are hazardous to your health.
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective
That was a very well put together video, entertaining and informative. [NAME] is a national treasure.
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.
[NAME] bless [NAME]!
Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.
Thanks for sharing :)
So there's hope for the rest of us! Thanks for sharing. What helped you get to where you are?
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.
I too rationalize how bad my my ex-girlfriend is now that she's gone. 8(
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" "
Ahh yeah I've been there didn't know it had a name. Thanks dude.
>Apple convienently provided an adapter. If they left the headphone jack, why couldn't I just use an aux cord?
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.
yay another let's keep nerfing survivors to the ground patch... fun
Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false. 
Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.
That's what makes the best reply you could paste the comment at mumble rap and 10 day tho.
Aww, what a cute pair
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you
Their album is awesome, too.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog
Hahaha that’s amazing. Good for you
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm
I like how she spins away it's too late.
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team
Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)
I hope [NAME] at least has a good nanny because [NAME] seems keen to scream on Instagram rather than...do anything else on the planet.
Possibly cool idea not well thought out
I hope [NAME] at least showers before his funeral.
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo
Honestly, it’s probably for the best if he didn’t know his father too well.
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort 
The frankness of this comment made me giggle
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.
Thank you. Just hoping I'll make it with minimum damage inflicted on my friends who are helping me move
This is the word or at least Attitude of King. No problems man.. and have a poor grasp of the statement honestly.
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news 
Yep. There are some good things hidden in amongst the bad. It would be disingenuous to claim otherwise.
Yeah, series of holes like that make me uncomfortable and this picture has popped up in my head too many times since I first saw it. 
Enjoy wes virginnie
Lol, that slomo
No it was a joke
I like it! I think the ideas of [NAME] can go a long way. I wish you the best of luck :)
Sweet! I'm a Packers fan in Winnipeg. Really hoping to catch a game there next season.
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊
I've gone through phases like that, usually related to depression or something else going on in my life. See if it passes in a couple weeks.
I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love
It always comes down to not accepting who they are themselves so it's pretty much 100% of it.
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day
Oh no! He’s right!
I appreciate you being open about it. So I'm assuming you accept that the things you listed don't make you a woman, right?
that doesn't make any sense at all.
"Saying ""don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics"" isn't intolerance."
Hopefully you will be ok.
Did I say he was a scammer? I said he's disgusting and there's nothing endearing about him at all. Not surprised this subreddit is defending him
You’re so close:) hope you can get one
motivation. Hope this helps you
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
Made me chuckle.
And get amazingly toned calves in the process! [NAME]
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not. 
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.
Sad... RIP
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album
Good job for politicising a tribute to a local TV show beloved by many.
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!
I think it's kind of cute. Someone give her a megaphone, she's a gift for the GOP.
Needed that. A [NAME] ridiculous play is a game changer
Great reply as usual
Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.
All we need is 1 more Trae three and the W and this’ll be a great night
I wish. Its too tiny to see from up here.
I hope you’re okay. I’m here to talk if you need someone
Haha - even the [NAME] don’t want you! Ha-hah.
There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.
Happy Cakeday! I met my partner of 6 years at a London [NAME] meet-up 🤩
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL
"So your sticking by the term ""extremist"" for this massive chunk of the population."
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what. 
I'm so sorry! I hope you are doing better!
“Enjoy your dinner”
Thanks im going to get that on a shirt u are awesome and must love everyone thanks for the help [NAME] is still president
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)
Thank you, kind Internet stranger.
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this
You gotta use the footage that you got haha And yeah of course, my guy.
Absolutely! The Republicans are craven
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/
Thanks a lot!
This isn't normal. If he's this way now, can you imagine later on? Time to move on girl. 
Thanks, didn't catch that one!
I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)
I love Simpsons alternative art because it really drives home how great these characters are and how relatable they are.
I don't know why this image bothers me so much
Would it be great if they instead swap around old-rich-guys blood
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!
This is the greatest analogy
This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.
Haven't played in forever, but [NAME] solo was my jam back in the day. Glad to hear damage tanks are still good
Shaming. Lol
Yep. I'm glad I never did. I'll gladly use their service for free when it suits me and give them nothing in return
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.
I wish. It's been over 72 hours for me now, nothing. Less than .5 ETH, BCH and BSV - hasn't moved.
soon i’ll have an army of karens and no one will be able to stop me
That’s not the period it’s referring to
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.
When you've been to 9 in the past 20 years its kinda hard to stiil get excited . Its our week 17.
I went to McDonald’s and ate. I guess I also enjoy psychological manipulation
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.
Drink. Watch hockey. Eat. That's what I do.
That's an adorable horsie
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?
I am getting so nervous watching this
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.
I see this a lot on Reddit. Holding a dumb view, dying on a dumb hill just to finally not respond to a breakdown of claims
Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt
Also said he’s had a really good season lol
That’s my luck. Lol
Lol hokay guy.
stupid science bitches
You're going to be pissed.
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot
Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.
Exactly!! I wish she would cooperate to plan appointments like this.
All I know is everyone is Tuscaloosa considers this season an abysmal failure.
Thanks fam, maybe I'll replay the level
Thanks I had heard this advice, Almost botched it in November.
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit
Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
It's a last resort when I forget my iPod, I swear
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.
Ohh that's in season I like that one
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.
You're right!
My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!
"I used to sell appliance parts. Yes, I need your model number. No, the part you are looking for isn't ""standard."""
Omg I love it
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude. 
I was tripping balls my first time.
There are a few. I've gotten a couple messages. Thanks for the support but people judging my throwaway account... who cares?
[NAME] did say he still has a part to play, so hopefully we'll get to see more of him soon.
Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.
Awful taste hmmmmm
Really well said.
fantastic point!
I didn't think it was that bad ><
Yeah I grew up watching them play in the sand unis. I like it more than the standard road gray.
You have great points. !delta
I took a screen writing class and I think we had to do this. Then again the class was a while ago so I don't remember much
man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.
I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.
No, absolutely not. How bout if you have more to lose you be more careful about not breaking the law. 
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn. 
I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.
As I mentioned above I don't have the funds for that right now but as soon as I do I'll definitely be doing that
Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. 
That's exactly why I'm asking you if you would.
He’s just tired and needs to rest.
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music. 
surprise surprise! cbs loves this phony old wannabee
Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.
"And then he comes back after Wallmark's goal with, ""A little Swedish Sizzle!"" Best play-by-play announcer in the business. Love him!"
You're not wrong
Wow man, that is DEAD. You have no marriage, just a roommate. Life is short, get out and find someone who meets your needs.
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.
Good luck.
yeah, it's basically Hillsong with sugary shakes pretending to be food. 
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
oh, what an unlucky woman, that mother of his...
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive
Okay, thanks Discord. ~~I hate it.~~
The mods deleted it I'm sorry
Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. 
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.
I swear Denver has the worst sports media personalities.
She took the fucking kids, huh?
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. 
Thank you, this is genuinely helpful. 
Xbox 360. I’ve never gamed before so I’m excited.
I love it when cats go all airplane ears
Treat your wife like gold. Feed her well. Rub her feet. Repeat.
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.
Vanity is a sin, [NAME] wants us to hate our bodies
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.
I suppose you would take on somebody else's terminal illness if you could. That makes you the opposite of a coward.
I sent this to my two friends and one said “haha.” And the other left me on seen : )
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time
Dude take the medicine. It helps.
Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal
Stupid for difficult. I always feel that way. Fool among elites. That means I can be cared for.
[NAME] get him a glass of water and have him lie down...
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.
I have never visited the NOLA, but I hear it has great blockparty and festival cultures (Mardis Gras being the main one)
She is my friend
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.
This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!
Luv ya too buddy 😝
We desperately need a veteran WR with so many rookies around. Like a [NAME] for [NAME] and company.
*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! 
Good luck.
Yay! Smug buddies!
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that). 
This is great!
Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul
That was awesome. the gross spin by [NAME] and the one legged glider by [NAME]. beautiful
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters
"THE IMAGE ASKS ""WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"" THE ANSWER IS ""NEH"""
[NAME] YES!!!
Correct them. It’s best to let them know the real you right from the beginning rather than later.
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.
I love the aunt. Hope she doesn't back down.
To give him a chance to play somewhere else. Sounds like a decent move by [NAME].
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.
I'm really concerned for those 3200'ish people who voted yes
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious 
lmao i love [NAME] what a legend somebody who really doesn't care what the public thinks i wish i could be like him
You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.
[NAME]! Scoring ridiculous goals while missing sitters. Love it :-)
I've never seen anyone do it successfully on a car, but I'll concede that it could definitely be possible.
Ayyy best game ever! Thanks for the love
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?
6% of [NAME] is [NAME] so it wouldn't be a shock if he was of this community.
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.
If there was ever such thing as a tasteful neck beard this is it. Such a beautiful bird
Yeah thats gucci man. You wander off into needy territory if she says no and you pester and beg her.
He closed the stream with a song of hers, while hugging his skele-buddy. It was a good song.
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great
Pretty dangerous for women, too. 40% of cops are domestic abusers. Stay safe. 
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)
I’m glad I wasn’t the only person who wondered about [NAME].
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl
Yeah what a great sport!
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite
My pleasure. It pays the bills.
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!
I guessed this
There is irony in what you guys are saying.
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument
Thanks man:) great advice!
ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)
Love futurama.
damn i’d love a transboy to be my prince charming
Thank you to share your opinion and I’ll appreciate this (=
It's time to feel the fucking Bern, America. 
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]
Me too I hope all goes well for both of us
Orange man funny but concerning
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.
Leave wet puddles everywhere!
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.
I like how because it’s on topic you assume everyone involved is making it their entire being. Lmao.
Like the op said, [NAME] is more of a giver, so I think [NAME] would be happy as long as [NAME] would be happy
Lol the “lower levels”. Very cute
Currently listening and loving it.
You should be much, much more worried about a rise in fascism than pedophilia. Thinking that pedophilia will be normal is just plain paranoid.
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.
Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.
u fucked up
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.
I’m reading Homegoing by [NAME] and it’s so good! It reminds me of Pachinko, which I also loved. 
Man I just hope for a good ole fashion W
One of he most useful things I’ve read on this site as a medical student. Thank you very much.
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.
Lol you're an idiot.
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.
What happened to [NAME]? I haven’t followed closely but I was under the impression he wanted to return but the club wanted to move on
Thank you sm
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')
I really love [NAME]
Happy day! Five years from now you will be a top ten player in the NHL.
Thanks that's very helpful because I can't seem to decifer all of the levels of irony in some posts on this subreddit haha.
It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.
#Screw you, [NAME].
I’d love that luxury of time.
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. 
That's a really interesting article. Has effectively nothing to do with myth making though.
I wish I could be this person.
Sometimes when it gets super annoying I cut it off with scissors but it always turns out worse and makes all the surrounding ones irritated and sore
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!
Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.
Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.
Cheers to a better 2019 for our boys!! Can’t be much worse then 2018
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol
I like this
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.
I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe
No youre a cunt
That actually makes a lot of sense. I stand corrected.
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].
"love seeing ""donkey kong 64"" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ "
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.
OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!
Can’t wait to go!
I had forgotten, now I changed it, thank you very much for warning me about that! so sorry 🙏
Thanks so much for taking the initiative to do this! Not all heroes wear capes :)
I never noticed this, how cool. I will keep an eye out for it! Another death foreshadowed by something small.
Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.
Wow. The Miami police! [NAME]! So much to this documentary.
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. 
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream. 
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut. 
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself
[NAME] fucking dammit
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day
Much appreciated comrade!
I really like this one.
Best side quest ever!
No mercy, if there is any man left inside you than walk out now.
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.
I love how sly you are being
Shhhh it's ok
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better
I don’t understand why you got a couple downvotes. I found your comment quite funny.
Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!
Ok? I’m addressing your points here. Don’t worry though, your reply suggests personal attacks are the way forward. 
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer
Well that's an awful superpower to have. Maybe you could fix [NAME] tho.
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.
Congratulations - you're truly a [NAME] now.
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.
Calling people on the internet “sweetie”... sweet [NAME] I love this sub. The cringe hurts so good.
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.
Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.
[NAME] would be proud.
No, no I'm not.
Not at all! It’s my pleasure
*pat pat* they will all be fine
And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.
I like that they have a red light camera there to combat the red light runners. You can see it flash twice at 0:48.
This guy's an idiot lol
Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.
Nah I get that, it's just AFFIRMATIVE action...unless this went over my head as well lol
Thankyou for correcting me.
Wow! What a joyous companion--for each of them. How wonderful!!!
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
bless his heart
Actually mommy needs to grow up and manage her own feelings.
[NAME] reaction is Like she really wanted to say “Thank God. Now I have a reason to leave”
TY for the encouragement! ❤️
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!
[NAME] was the worst Of any sports team Unis!!!
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.
Haha look at that poor person slime, can’t even afford the wire hahaha
The perfectly timed dessert, and delicious looking, too!
In an unfunny situation you made me laugh, so thanks 😅
Very good (and depressing) point haha
I like the six nations partly because I get to hear a packed out Murrayfield sing flower of Scotland and that’s always brilliant
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.
Damn, I hope that lady unloaded the rest of the bread and cleared out like a fart in the wind before homeslice came back.
Damn that was super fucking good.
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.
Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day. 
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.
drink ur milk and you'll grow to be a big strong man
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.
Yeah my kid bought it too at a book fair. $40!!! But it's a pretty damn clever book.
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior
Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.
Girl we been knew she's been telling us another album is on it's way since thank you, next
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. 
You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao
Looks deliriously boring.
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]
Be good-looking.
I wish the camera showed the cops reactions and faces when it didn't work
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.
Have fun in the farmer's league.
When I was in 3rd Grade, I wanted to sneak into my pregnant teachers house and make her drink beer.
Icing on a cake of sadness.
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...
My mistake lol
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.
You're a great dad.
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.
We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels
Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.
Dude i wish you the best. I had one and it had been removed though surgery about 5 years ago. The best of luck
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha
Too bad I do/
I am very happy with the changes. And also very pleasantly surprised the dairy industry didn't manage to make them include more dairy.
I agree I think they hyped it up
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!
Maybe work on being a little more optimistic for the future......don't be a debbie downer! :)
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama
And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.
 No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...
And even then... It won't be for long.
If you like that I got one that you may like. makes me laugh everytime here
Beards are great for stimulating the lady parts.
[NAME] is lining up for West Ham, holy shit im excited to see this play out
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad
This is amazing and terrifiying
Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.
Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
The whole thing is poetry. That finish is magic. Nose to the mit. Love this !
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud! 
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.
Why would anyone forget how dominant he is? Lmao Oh yea we suck.
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!
He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️
Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here
Same. They responded really quickly like within an hour.
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...
So PST it is. Glad we agree.
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN
11 years goddamit I’m old
This is considered being successful at this point in their lives if you live downtown lol
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.
Let's hope he doesn't change his mind.
Lol. That too
Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.
The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome
It’s so fucking creepy
Mom has a Buc-ees cup!!
I can't imagine why anyone would hate this. It's beautiful.
Go spidey go!!
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?
Yes, they do. It’s illegal to work for the Federal Government for free. Contractors aren’t Federal Employees. 
Saw bad guy, arrested same.
At least you can admit you missed it
I wish I could :( tried
Water is not a human rights. That's absurd.
Clearly there is only one way to solve this dilemma; COMMUNISM!
Be careful with this weed
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it. 
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck
[NAME], thanks for playing [NAME]
‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’
Ah yes, my apologies!
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for 
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end
Thanks for the reply. You're right though. If you make a scene about it, you might as well be tattling. Go Browns
Sounds fancy, is there any in flight entertainment?
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.
I’m making pretty decent money doing Gun Rush. I love it. Discovered I like 1-life modes for this game.
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn
Great work guys! Always A++ Prime casters!
So the term Londoner is now Sunderlander? Thanks for the update.
i wouldn’t want to fight me neither
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. 
Keep practicing until you get real confident
Dang this is awesome
i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!
When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!
Hooray for the cancer! /s
This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. "
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible
For a super interesting participatory democracy example, [NAME] has a fantastic vid on YouTube about Cuban democracy.
You dirty scavenger
"Sounds like another data point for ""fear homo Sapiens"", haha. "
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying ""libertarianism is astrology for men"""
"When the etiquette ""shitpost"" is 100% accurate"
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping
I love the comradely for finding the source
Luckily you can see the Big 5 within about 45 minutes from Joburg, so get the car and Google some activities. Loads of fun to be had. 
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times! 
I laughed so hard.
[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.
I'm with you. Let's this together.
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.
I think theres a line between edgy and racist that this meme clearly crosses. [NAME] is still funny, this is just racist.
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.
What? No way do I want to see a Boston coach behind our bench!
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell? 
I appreciate this post, so it’s appropriate in my eyes 😀
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. 
Its deathprofessor lol. That's her Twitter account.
Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.
yep, i think you should just try to be as honest as you can about how you feel, how it affects your daily life, etc
Ugh, that contour looks so incredibly natural. I love this look; it's stunning and smooth as hell.
Sorry, but isn't this a little too obvious? As the old saying, the early bird catches the worm.
Fucking hate [NAME]..
i love the crocheted romper look and i don't care if i'm wrong
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis. 
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all
She’s cool as hell
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!
Well, that was dumb.
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his ""watch this sick drift, yo"" stunt."
Oh definitely. When you work for the gov't you root for the party looking to expand it. Maybe that's how you'll get a raise right?
TYM is the best place for that kind of thing.
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad
*With Great power; comes great responsibility.*
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over
From barrel to a tank! Great job! :)
That head must hurt!
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.
Looks nice, thanks:) 
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.
I think that's a minority, not the majority there.
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.
I mean I'm no fan of the series either but who cares? It makes a lot of people happy.
Well done! That's usually the hardest part is to start going and I hope it helps!
This is absolutely perfect
28 weeks!!?! modern medicine is AMAZING!
Loving the things you do is a good start. it's easier than loving yourself, but it slowly leads into it. 
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game
I don't have a problem with it if its a cheese or charcuterie board
thank you, female, very cool
Ok my apologies then!
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.
I’m not high and that sounds like a good sandwich.
Thats great! Just curious, what game? 
lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates
I'm glad none of you are GM
Wait, did this really happen? I'd like to see that video so I can cringe some more plz.
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong
Damn you two need help
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku
As a former professional graphic designer, thank you for the gift of this subreddit.
They have my favorite reality shows too like Hell’s Kitchen and Survivor.
Oh. My. [NAME]. I can’t handle this
Haha i have a depression playlist 3 years in the making. Love gorrilaz and rip x.
Vasectomies are fairly common. Especially in older men.
I'm 100% sure you were punched in the face, but this was a good one
See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂
It's unrelated to the post yet I'm laughing out loud
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.
It certainly is. I create very little space in my life for people like that period.
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run
This would be epic.
lol, [NAME] i hope not
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.
aries actually haha
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.
Ah what a good start
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for
The worst!! I don’t get cramps so much but my back will kill me
Maybe I’m out of touch, but I see 22-14-6 and think that is typically a playoff caliber record.
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him 
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!
Damn dude, nice delts
Capitalism coerces all of us into exchanging labor for money. Respect all hustles of non harmful types! 🙌🏻
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization
Thank you; I hope so too.
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly 
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.
I want to SO bad
I always thought the GNT version of 10:14 was amusing. Intelligent people talk sense, but stupid people need to be punished. Proverbs 10:13 GNT
I wish that laugh would jump off
"""Oh no, my blue heroes died, it's probably very bad, time to concede""."
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!
[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early
😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.
Hah, much appreciated! :)
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes
FUCKING YES BEST PLAYER ON THE PITCH TODAY ABSOLUTE WARRIOR BOW DOWN TO THE BALON DOR WINNER TRULY WORTHY
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.
At least she had a great experience
Huh, I was just wondering if something like this existed. I'm working in food manafacturing an this would be epic.
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.
Haha colluded? Do you and your friends collude to take pictures together? Such buzzwords you are using lol
True dat. I’m an AFC guy, but I’m even more an AFC West guy. Send the [NAME] home, Chefs!
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.
I would like that.
Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.
Have a good evening thank you!
Dude you need some help...
Burn through ALL THE DATA
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)
Thanks for your concern. I'd rather get ahead than deal with trying to do this at the last minute because the teacher offers me 0 recourse.
Cheers dude. Upvoted!
Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍
I hope Thier friends now
"Because eye witnesses have always been proven to be credible. ""Hands up, don't shoot"""
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations 
That’s so cute!
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.
Oh [NAME] no. Let kinkaid eat it. Don't throw this kid in there. He isn't ready for the AHL yet
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck
Thank goodness for that!
No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely
Mate, you're proving my point.
Thanks!
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. 
Already I can can hear the screaming and howling of the neoliberal right. They will amuse me.
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.
Are those the numbers from last season? [NAME] is a significantly better player this year than he was last year
Bro, this is not what this sub is for.
So what you've never been in a relationship your whole life? At least you didn't get abused! Yah,ok.
A little too nutty for me thx.
You are a unique woman. Happy for you that you found someone who suits you so well.
Wow, you probably live in a messed up place.
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.
Honestly im a pretty clumsy belligerent and i lasted 9 months and no case is great life i regret nothing
MDMA makes me happily social. I wish the researchers would get on that one.
Cap locks are nothing to be ashamed of. *You're probably upsetting your mother by letting your chicken tendies get cold*
Thank you! It has its perks, but sometimes I do think to myself that I’m not where I belong haha
You can only fit so much in 20ish min show.
You got it!
I love this drink.GIF
I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.
Appreciate the love man!! It's a fun game!
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
Omg I did the same exact thing LOL
Looks like pure tabbaco but great roll !
Wow... That looks great! Would love to get some actual vintage jerseys like that someday. Keep my eyes on eBay. Lol
This looks like an obvious joke to me. Most of you are getting baited.
It’s still not working unfortunately :(, you have a link to your YT?
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?
This is actually a really good idea
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it
I think it's ridiculous that we continue to pay taxes to fund paychecks that federal workers aren't receiving.
Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one. 
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there
Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure. 
It's like you've never even been around dogs.
This can be taken horribly out of context
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.
Can’t believe no one said [NAME] when she slept with [NAME]!!! I love [NAME] and I felt personally betrayed. Wish they never reunited.
That logic doesn't work. Porn stars make movies knowing they are going to be seen, but it is still objectification. 
Bro thank you for what you do, and keeping the roads clear so I can make money, thank you
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy. 
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.
hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention
Nice try my guy.
Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.
And then everyone clapped and cheered.
Weird flex but ok
Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:
Yo but that RivaL lineup tho! That's gonna be so sick
Hope your mum gets well soon. Enjoy Saturday!
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.
Yeah I’d love a before and after!
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.
Bahaha I love that
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.
I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....
I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.
Welcome to the Wild West. It's fucking amazing.
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. 
Omggg me too ahahaha, i should try shopping in kids
I'd steal that!... just as cool.
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic 
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. 
A guava sounds awesome! Totally didn’t even think of that!
omg, poor little bean 
You know he humps the hell out of that thing right? Like probably right in [NAME] mouth!
Wow, thanks so much for me to own tool that I can speak and understand Japanese fluently enough.
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone. 
INTJ here, I agree with this ^^^ (Him)
Sounds magical!
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.
Every game counts for the Kings tho. Suns are out if the playoff race and this is a must win for the Kings. BOL!
Wow! That sounds like an interesting dream! Thank you for your perspective.
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol
lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.
Then enjoy it for as long as it's fun. When it stops being fun, go find somebody else.
Hilarious video, thank you for making us smile :)
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t 
Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.
[NAME]. She's always so busy. I'm glad she finally got to relax....
This is terrible
She is beauty she is grace she just just grinded the ground with her face.
Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.
Ok. Thanks
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you
I'm so proud of this community
I don't want [NAME] to lose her job is all. She's a rare teacher who loves her job and students once you help her out and all..
Such pretty kitties!
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao
This is the full-circle EP story I came here for. Made my morning. Thanks Aunt [NAME]!
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.
I’ve been to two locations and the burgers are SO GOOD!!
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!
The worst is starting out in a new relationship after leaving a failing one. You want to fall but you know how much the breakups hurt
Hopefully she lives in a very vaccinated area that will protect her baby. Hopefully.
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years
I wish I could cry...
Nope. Not how things are done around here.
> I refuse to believe facts
what are you scared of!
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings
I’ve come to the same realization. So now if its less than a pound I’m offering free shipping.
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!
It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure
the lack of respect for [NAME], [NAME] and the rest of the [NAME] in here is incredible
It's probably an obvious answer, but it's bad around major cities and okay in the countryside.
80 minutes too late
Sorry for your loss mate
Starting super simple helps; compliment strangers! Nothing else - smile, compliment and keep walking your merry way. Hell of a confidence booster too 
that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!
Lmao god damn
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.
Me . Switched to badminton meantime.
You’re an awful troll...
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.
Yes - thanks for this. Have just finally contacted a counsellor after talking about it for years.
Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.
This is funny though.
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.
Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done. 
"simply reply ""no."" sometimes youve gotta be rude."
The social cohesion after brexit is going to be super cool too, everyone with flags on the windows.
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.
I'm in Printer's Row, but I do have a car so I might just go check it out. Thanks!
"Very tired us can attendant: ""here are your vagina slimes."" ... thankfully the customer just laughed kt off."
although he is best girl, he can never love :( he litterally doesn't have a heart
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag
Her bi energy is so strong tbh
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!
Congratulations on the low quality come back. Hopefully one day you can go to therapy to work on your resentment to bartenders. ❤️
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. 
Really? That's interesting. I'll have to give it a try. Yes I'd love to take a look at your suggestions.
Great for moderate sedation in the ER!
Thanks for sharing this tool, gonna be useful in finding fat right subs to tag with reddit pro tools. 
Im fine with complaining. A little surprised he's complaining without playing or even reading the patch notes since they were released.
Oh yeah I saw that trailer before Aquaman
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth
"Except for ""fighting liberalism"". Happy cake day."
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action
Originated joke by:
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!
LOL at the tldr. What a crazy story. I'm glad the writer got some friendly new relatives out of it.
I friggin choked scrolling up to this
The straw manning in this sub is ludicrous.
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.
This is so powerful.
People need to stop excusing bad behavior
This team needs to tighten up in the third. Absolutely brutal.
You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.
Oh yeah, thanks!
Yeah, when I saw she was in LA, I really hope that. Oh please, be true.
Pm me I'd love to buy it from you if you have any spare!
I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME] 
LOL. Super cute!
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.
Will do!!!! :D Thank you so, so much!!!
The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..
I love her attitude and confidence! She has such good sportsmanship
hell yeah my brother
I’m finding lots of tribes here, thankfully. Between [NAME] and a narc mom & sister, I am extra screwed.
Everyone upvote this - gotta spread the good news!!!
Fuck these calls
What the fuck? Really? That’s horrible. That’s probably illegal. If it isn’t, it should be.
Cool, thanks man
Thank you, trust me I'm extremely glad.
I really hope [NAME] is in mk11. Hes such an awesome character!
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.
Exactly, I've seen some of her friends and family SM and is not exactly wowing me. 
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene
[NAME] because he's the better player.
Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them
I see it the other way. He thinks he’s a hero for shutting down the govt. But I hope I’m wrong.
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.
I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.
You’ve done us a good service
That's amazing! I love this kind of thing. Birds flocking. Fireflies synchronizing.
How’d you film this and what type of microscope/camera did you use? This is great!! Thank you for creating and sharing.
They really need to bring [NAME] son back to do more flashback scenes of young [NAME]. That would be SO GOOD
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:
Leave it alone hopefully it won't pop overnight
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit
You should be proud. I hope that I'll have the will to keep myself held to such a standard when the time comes.
Reminds me of series finally [NAME]. Serious and dashing.
[NAME] at least has a pretty face and great skin. [NAME] looks like a cabbage patch kid.
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:
Fool me once, shame on you...
Thanks man! That feels good to hear. I’m glad someone is on my side and finally understanding how I feel about this season.😄👍
"She always says the most basic things""wow he hit him"" and her lisp is pretty annoying."
Don’t feel bad for playing Minecraft, it’s still a great game and is starting to get kinda popular again.
The numbers against EEA will go up once people realise it amounts to fuck all but still costs a fortune.
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. 
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.
[NAME] why can I relate so much.
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch
"I love his calls even when things get ""pear-shaped"""
Alway protect yourself
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠
Don't live near Chicago but still have my winner from the Dec 21 game. Hope I can still use it when I'm back on the 27th.
She broke that young man's toes, ankles, and knees on that fall. lol
Your actions mean your gf is still being bullied. Nice move
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭
You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.
Thanks for the great response. Btw I’m not British, I’m an [NAME].
I'm not searching for anything, but even though I'd like them to be, I don't think anything I'm feeling is justifiable.
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
Thank you for reconsidering. It is very important to open discussion. Does this help you see how the dems and gop ARE actually different?
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.
the older i get the more it hurts
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot
wrong place thats hilarious
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.
I love this sub reddit 😍😂
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky
They are always a fun time.
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.
Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.
[NAME] is a socialist I believe. He also seems like a lovely person.
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.
I mean he is cleay doing *something* right.
BANG motherfucker!
The irony here of course is that your degree becomes more valuable when fewer people are able to obtain it.
Even if you don't act on them, you still should stay away. It's not normal to fantasize about doing sexual things to children.
You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line. 
Hope to [NAME] i don’t end up like u
Love this answer.
Come to Nashville. Love to help with that problem.
This was actually a very interesting article. I'd never realised how Snapchat and its filters were driving people to be so unhappy with their appearance.
Lmao what an end to a quarter
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
get blood orgies out of our ideology thanks
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..
Thanks man!
Yup. Gotta get back in there 😂 Meant to type “habit”, obvs
Cheers to you on your cake day.
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.
A stunning place, you will need lots of cuddles to stay warm though!
[NAME] damn it
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.
Amazing bot, you’re doing great sweetie 
Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.
Na. Rediting my post. Sorry for the ignorance.
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(
I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.
You didn't like the joke? I thought it was an instant classic.
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.
Thank you! We feel hard. We just don’t express it the same way feelers or maybe just most people recognize.
I wish I didn’t fall for my ex. He is not a beautiful person. He is a monster.
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid 
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.
I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️
I love Ashtray
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works
She has a disorder of sorts. Not only do you both need counseling, but she needs some kind of therapy. 
"""Family is forever""? Weird, I thought humans age and die relatively quickly."
Me too. Sweet!
As a [NAME], this very relatable
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO
"I love how some people have the mindset ""children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."""
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.
damn thats good
"That ""Hard work"" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"
is as good as it gets spent all morning looking for it . Thank you for your time
why the fuck is this getting downvoted
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr
I agree. This is the real reason why I hate wearing pretty clothes and makeup. It's like putting lipstick on a pig.
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.
Sorry, is Russia depicted in the cartoon?
Right. Boiling frogs. But I feel more hope today than I have since any day in the last two years except November 6, 2018.
Lol valid question, but yes. We've been using the bf and gf terminology for about 5 months.
Not really. Also it’s Winnipeg, sorry we don’t have the population of Tokyo...
If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm
Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(
Your brother is in a freak cult that ruins lives. Forgive him but don’t listen to that bs.
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment, glad you enjoy it!
As a former smoker, I would support it. Smoking is awful.
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.
Thanks bud, hope it’s a great one!
I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].
Fuck that guy for game 2
I think this is very relevant, u/lilhan2
You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.
Talk about a fucking hot take. Quality shit posting from [NAME] (not you [NAME]).
Lol same actually
I hope we trade [NAME] for something so I can go cheer for [NAME] on a better team.
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.
I like that idea.
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here
Yeah, fat does that.
that's horrifying
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing
No he's overrated
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.
I’d be interested in reading more about this if you have a good place for me to do so. Thanks.
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.
Very nice.
It feels like it plays worse tbh
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.
Magic are a good team. They battle every game
He is a douche, but I love that douche!
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”
the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. 
Fuck the rangers
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.
This is fantastic and I'm happy for her!
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!
I’m worried about [NAME] too
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick
Have some humility
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.
It's prevalent in everything. WoW was incredible when it came out *because* everyone was garbage.
That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE! 
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick
Will add to Plano's directory when I make it. Thanks!
I like turtles.
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina
Good to hear - I am glad you at least have that choice.
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful
thats right i do remember you!
Welcome back you two lol
DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet
I'm fucking starving here.
Cheers!!
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.
Canaryproject.org is great. They hold people accountable for saying horrible racist things.
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.
Damn, that's low. 
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.
Come back here and fight me m8
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.
This is super duper nasty
😅 sorry. Lol
[NAME] is such a pretty lady. I'm jealous of those huge eyes!
[NAME] WOULD NEVER USE [NAME]! HE'S A GOOD BOY!
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him
Extend the compassion; go vegan.
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing
This just makes me want sushi.
Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me
This is funny, although... Some people just can't take a yolk. 
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...
That's even worse honestly
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)
You are my beer god thank you haha
I can finally play 'Kabhi kabhi aaditi'. Only hindi song I listen to.
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are
The next step in human evolution is for humanity to end. Life isn't worth preserving.
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.
Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕
Thank you. Very very much
"The fact that ""TrueChristian"" and ""TrueChristianity"" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."
maybe dont do any drugs lol
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.
Cool story bro!
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot
Maybe some people are just lucky to have an amazing connection to [NAME]
[NAME] frenzy it's a joke
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️
you'd have to help them get past [NAME] extremely tough immigration process
“You”. Netflix. Thank me later. Hang in there <3
Hey, good to see ya here!
Love the username
very confident !!!!
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too
[NAME] was our only playmaker the past few years.
These are worse than the [NAME] ones [NAME]
Play stupid games stamkos, win stupid prizes
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special
That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ
Shut the fuck up, loser.
Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!
I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?
Lol I love this flair
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.
An entire family gone within minutes... how absolutely heartbreaking.
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub
Some bioshock shit right here.
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.
Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot
Oooooooo, definitely agree on [NAME].
I LOVE THIS TEAM
"Glad I could help. (Side tip: hit return twice to break out of the "">>"")"
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.
Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. 
Damnit--good point.
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]
Lol I need details!?
You’re a kind soul who deserves a pair of $250 coach sunglasses
This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation
I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right
"Some do, others say ""Thanks""..."
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!
We have a builder in the White House - build a dormatory. Wouldn't want to be an RA there lol.
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.
This was beautiful!
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.
I’ll agree with you on that, I think it would fit well on someone’s forearm! 
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body
This sounds very familiar...
Don't you fucken do it
Same except I also love the taste and meal options of meat. I could never do the veggie thing.
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.
Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. 
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.
Love this man, take my updoot.
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem
it's not hipster until you start calling it mylk, anyway.
Thanks for the info. Not sure if it’s even worth it then.
He was credited in commentaries as the inspiration for Cletus. I always loved the way he just wants that dog.
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.
I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them 
Happy Birthday!
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.
Damn this guy just had a bad day!
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao
Still better than YouTube rewind
Kill him the sinner
They announce they hate Brexit first
She's fine but she's no [NAME].
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things 
What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved. 
That's what I tell myself, too.
The best workd record
Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]
Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.
They’re all so damn gorgeous. No complaints here lol
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard and Beach House are my two favourite bands.
Well, that sucks
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.
You could see this as your friend caring for you, meaning well. 
Looks delicious.
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.
Honestly, they changed writers and it's been pretty good so far, maybe one or two not great episodes this season.
felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while
Lol i thought the ratio was 35% or 1/3 of [NAME]. I think u got it wrong But yeh gtfo of bum fuk nowhere
It’s $7 is what it is. Which thrills me
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.
I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄
same but with panic at the disco
Ahhh, that was actually really peaceful and cathartic. 
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)
Bless you for raising awareness.
Your inability to formulate an argument is what's most humorous. Oh great philosophers of free speech... Thanks for the laugh. Happy New Year!
Awesome, thank you! 
Omg I love these things so much
not my kid, not my problem. Best comeback ever xD
I mean, I know you are being sarcastic, but your words are too accurate for something a supporter would actually say 
lol yep that is the case and has same taste in food as well!
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot
Truly wretched.
I would be creeped out.
I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself
Finally some good vibes in this sub, im happy for you man!!
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.
Yeah, that’s what I meant. My bad.
I like the earthquake that occurs after she falls. Glad the cameraman got that on video.
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too
For real we swept Tampa last season? EDIT: Wow we did, our playoff run against them was a different story 
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.
You are not stupid, just overthinking, it will get lost in countless other posts and in the future it won't matter, good luck.
Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!
Yep, that's my daily commute.
Looks like donkey foals are going for between $50-$100. That’s quite the herd.
Rightfully so. I had it as a child and it was the worst experience in my life. I'm also vulnerable for shingles now. Yaaay.
Omg!! Its rainbow!!
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
We *do* deserve animals if we give them lovings! Don’t talk so down about yourself, silly .. that’s what that kitty would say !
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.
I always admire a pinch of salt in anything. I can't upvote you enough sir.
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao
They’re words and they’re hilarious
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.
Did anyone see the ladies sitting behind the Hawks' bench?? WOW, like smoking hot.
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?
After christmas. January 4th. Lol
Yeah I was citing the wrong statistic here. Thanks for posting this.
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.
These are lovely, I have one.
Somebody has got to be a parent lol
I was really hoping this was real like
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.
Well, glad I could help. Have a fantastic day and don’t let the straights scare you away!
Happy cake day Mr bot
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.
Love the new intro song.
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.
Wow, way to be gorgeous as yourself!
She looks like a televangelist.
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.
Shit yeah. Awesome fatality!!!
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.
It's pretty stupid. Yes
Omgg yes [NAME] precious
And good riddance!
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far
I. Love. This. Team.
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it
Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.
Could not agree more!!
[NAME] was right! Best lipsync so far! That should be a double shantay and holy crap I think [NAME] may have just become my favorite queen!
Happy cake day! :)
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.
That's interesting
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. 
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. 
Oh thank you! I hadn’t even realized :D
Disgusting performance. [NAME] appears clueless.
I like [NAME] :(
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.
It never came into my mind that I'm being edgy, my friend. I'm not worried.
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.
“The failing of mistaking internet trend.” Clearly he is a grammatical genius.
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. 
No there is, because as soon as it’s a human it is entitled certain unalienable rights. 
This is all soooo nice. What nice people.
It hurts to look at it
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex
why wont i just fucking die
I love it. This made me smile so much, which is a big change from [NAME] which made me cry and further increase my depression.
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.
Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation. 
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad 
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...
Everyone’s a god damned critic. Try doing five minutes of stand up and see if you don’t end up on this sub.
this is why I love reddit
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though
I just want him to be successful though...I dont think he wants to be at this point
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
They spam that stuff because its working. Make them stop it .. and punish them.
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the ""both sides"" argument. "
Your dog is so brave ❤️
Appreciate you keeping to the bet. The other guy hasn't yet. Take care bro.
You okay?
Because it's incredibly cringy.
I miss [NAME]
Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!
***Y'our*** so funny.
Great! Thanks for the ideas
): hope the goose is okay ):!
Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.
You're a monster!
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. 
Yes, I will GI A+B6 LH more often, it's really good. Thank you for the tip!
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant
Ok you're a little homophobic
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol
Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART
I like surprises.
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.
You guys are heartless, smfh.
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted ""Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""."
The new live-action movie looks great!
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?
Thank you! It will help a lot
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!
I couldnt help but laugh out loud. Pure stupidity coming from the mother. No other way to put it
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort 
"Even ""not allying with Dems any longer"" ME thinks this involvement is a good idea..."
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic
Very true. Having a 3rd pair of [NAME] and [NAME] has been solid
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth
I like hearing about these positive encounters.
YOU SUFFER ON YOUTUBE WITH THE REST OF US.....or you buy their CDs and rip em onto the computer <3
What a great shitpost. How did he even come up with this
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.
Yeah, it's too expensive to eat out all the time, even if its fast food. 
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers
Mine fell out of my turquoise juul and it didn’t make any difference other than the light being brighter lmao. It’ll be fine
This is a very cursed lineup
Yup. Soft serve turd special
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!
He goes after my Wisconsin teams all the time... so I live that one haha. Pisses me off but still love em
If being bisexual means I'm in a cult, I'm kind of pissed because I haven't received my cult robes yet.
Yep. First Monday of 2019.
"Hopefully he gets what he is looking for. Not sure why some people are getting pissy over this. ""How dare he look out for himself, REEEEEE!"" "
i appreciate your response! you are totally right... i gottA get out of my head.
Interesting. Can you give some examples?
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. 
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
Aww! congratulations!
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.
My pride. I'm like a roach, unsightly to look at but determined to survive 
Thank you! Took this on my IPhone 7!
Exactly. It just shows they can't make a good argument.
[NAME] did nothing wrong
Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore
Go forth and get rated, my child. 
Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha
Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.
I feel so starved for good content that Ill recommend a show just for being watchable
Oops, just kidding [NAME], got you.
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it
For sure. Thank you.
It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.
Nice of them to come check on you.
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats
HOW DARE YOU!!
Her booty so thicc it bends the space/time continuum
He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.
Thanks, your comments made me laugh.
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit
It doesn't look like it.
Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.
There’s still hope!
Personally wish they had a male version of 🤰🏼
Thanks! It is too bad we can't suddenly age [NAME] and [NAME] a year or so.
Omg she's gorgeous!
Good retort! Thank you for your contribution to the discussion.
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.
Very true, interesting point of view. 
Thank you for the clarification.
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!
"Reply with ""Oh, my bad"". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes."
It's the only way to stop the ache.
Depay being a flop at United comes to mind, so good now.
I know the feeling, but you’re not disgusting. Happy new year!
I'll show some love for diazepam! Congratulations on the re up and let me Know if they are
not really, no
I wish that show would come back
of moms give birth BY 30. About 11-13% of women are childless. Please lol some more.
I fucking love Danbo. Thanks for putting it back in my head, I see my future self there in a few hours. 
So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...
Thank you! Does it contain clinical trails?
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.
I work closely with GoA (but not for them) and I agree. They made a lot of great policy and program decisions.
Dude is gonna end up playing in his boxers one day lol
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔
Please go to youtube and leave a comment and share :) Happy new year!!!
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert
Waiting to see if a card expansion will make the game fun.
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow
Good answer. Thanks for taking the time.
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.
thank you for this, i feel less alone now. i’m glad you overshare on this stupid website :)
I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.
I thought I was the only woman who felt this way. I'm glad I'm not alone.
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.
i hate this
love this! makes me want to go hiking at superstition this weekend.
I've had good luck reselling on StubHub. They take a cut but it is secure and easy to do.
Karma ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ What a great example for us all, sir. 
damn, congratulation 🤣
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.
If things don't fit, or you suspect them to be fiction, please report them. We do read those reports and take action on them.
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.
Yeah fucking thanks, politicians back in the day.
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.
On VPR yes she is awful. On WWHL she seems very nice, and likeable. Not sure what's going on there. 
Thanks for the link, my email indeed was breached it says. I’m just not sure what this exactly means.
Better than that dumb pink look.
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?
2018 was the worst year for Sydney Trains, I’ve lost count of the number of cancelled services due to power outages and train drivers calling in sick
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!
Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.
Get well soon, my man! Keep representing la isla! 🇵🇷
He's trying!
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.
Okay I can see why that is one glorious beard
Thanks. I appreciate that. At least I know I’m not the only one.
Hell yeah bois
You're welcome, eh
I cackled!!!!
their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha
I’ve never heard him say it but I wouldn’t be surprised if he did. It’s believable enough
That’s such a beautiful moment to find each other there and support each other even if you know you can’t have each other.
Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is 
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.
Season x? Sorry bitch but no.
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
Ambien your posts are delightful and I have such a hard core internet stranger crush on you.
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.
You guys are the reason I had my first smooth hit in months, thank you🤘🏽🙏🏼
Many thanks!
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again 
i actually dont mind either of those
My toddler calls it gorilla cheese, and beats his chest like a gorilla when asking for it, lol
^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.
Glad your nights going well guys
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!
This was amazing
Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.
[NAME] didn't remember lol I'm dying
I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3
"Sorry but why does it matter that you're ""from /r/All""? "
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
I suppose when discussing socialism one ought to avoid the use of the word prosperity, it does become a touch embarrassing. 
You're right! I DO remember the refs being trash in that game as well! Thanks for the heads up!
I'm so nervous!
He has become that which he swore to destroy!
Agreed! Hopefully! :-)
Well now I am super pumped! [NAME] I hope AA doesn’t disappoint us
Ah [NAME] I love this post!
Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!
Les Collines (Never Leave You) is still a bop. I loved that song and is still awesome in 2019.
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P
Last night [NAME].
Go see a therapist! Your hospital has them. Post traumatic events sometimes need therapy and that’s ok!
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!
Grim. Thank you for the info though. I learned something today.
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.
It was a dig at OP not you ahah, this video was posted there over a year ago
Happy Cakeday!
That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.
Thank you. Your suggestion is a better term. I don't think mine is a poor choice but yours is better.
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂
Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...
Oh no the poor man
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
That was sexy
I'm glad we agree.
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.
Is that because it's an accurate description of the politician and he's trying to distract from his guilt?
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree
That's a huge shame and says more about Sacks than it does anything else.
Thank you, I appreciate it <3
 I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s
Both are awesome states. I just got back from NM yesterday! Good luck with your move.
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha
I can't help it. It's just so perfect.
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.
Beat my second wife cuz obviously she put the evil eye on my first wife
I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover
What was the name of the neurology podcast? That sounds very interesting!
I love how the tires are Raiders logo
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!
I laugh every god damn time.
Oof that hurt
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.
Damn, u right. 
I hate these cakes so much.
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police
Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)
As far as i can say, my precious arm came back to me hahahaha I'll be sure to tell about my progress, too! Till next time!
Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. 
I like this one.
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' 
Apparently not successfully.
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!
Crash is probably my favorite specialist in this game, you get extra ammo, extra points and occasionally 50hp more from tak-5.
How embarrassing.
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today 
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!
"ITT: People saying ""I'm doing to get downvoted for this"" and then not getting downvoted."
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.
Happy cake day bruh
Grow up.
Went to school with her son. She is larger than life in person. Always swaying gracefully. It was crazy.
I will aspire to know the truth. Do not worry. and I will pray to [NAME].
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.
Why is this being downvoted lol?
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after
first alien is hotter tbh
Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] 
Haha i love chinese food
beautiful story arc. glad you decided to end it in my semi hometown of excelsior - really neat lil town.
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. 
Nice catch.
"i dont think theyre planning beyond ""screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit"" themed rants"
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. 
WOW THATS SO INTERESTING It happens to me so often that when I hear a new word I anticipate it but it all makes sense now
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
So so good
[NAME] absolutely embarassed Milksmith in the game we've lost against the Griz. It never would've happened if we had AD.
Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.
Dont forget [NAME]. He was a reliever converted to starter. Hes got some ridiculous pitches just needs to work on consistancy
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable
Keep your chin high OP. Life ain’t always beautiful but it’s a beautiful ride.
Love that car
I switched the the Smok Novo and I like it. Close enough to the juul.
You are right
Looks really good! TY! Will watch it tonight
Thank you, needed to hear this today! 
My favourite commentator on this game
the best places are immigrant restaurants. cheap and delicious food. the better ones are outside of downtown.
I think its absolutely wonderful : )
That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero
Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die
Her accent!! I died.
It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.
Do you need someone to talk to [NAME]? Your comment history is pretty disconcerting.
I did. In a selfless sacrifice that I hope brings ample awards.
Shes got no style, shes got no grace... this [NAME] has a funny face!
This is probably a bit buried, but it’s very informative: thank you for taking the time to write it!
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.
The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell
No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community. 
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.
For a sec I thought I was on NoSleep. I'm glad no one got hurt.
Poor fish :(
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)
Real fact, Elephants see us as cute in the same way we see dogs and cats as cute.
The only time petty revenge backfired lol at least from what I understood unless I missed something
C'mon [NAME]! If you get this done quickly, the sooner [NAME] can begin.
The reason I was commenting was because the other day i was reading threads about how it's annoying that the ocs doesnt do the bulk discounts
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!
i am retarded
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!
Sling yoghurt hahaha omg x I’m 19 yeh so pretty young but what a phrase
Loved his wife.
So edgy.
The surprise would be that we just broke a 16 year old record...
Yah, thanks...I've several times made mistake of getting excited b4 face to face..no more i say
Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.
What a wonderful world
We just bought [NAME]. Have faith
Thanks,keep us posted if you will please.
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE
But now we're stressed out.
Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart
YES! Here's to us HAPAs!
I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.
The secret and walk away endings are not cannon.
I do to! We all heard a huge crash and bang and I ran over expecting the worse. Was truly a miracle
This one sentence of humor has overridden all of the trolls thoughts today. Thanks for the chuckle.
Welcome to eb games
Your husband is a lucky man.
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable
That kid has the face of a douchebag
I hate people.
an obvious joke
"Haha, my mind started quoting ""the standard of truth has been erected..."""
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad
That’s a wonderful meaningless word salad
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.
Hmm. I don't disagree. It's unfortunate.
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.
Sure you can. A class of preschoolers can be replaced by their parents in the space of four years.
Wait that’s actually funny why is it on this reddit
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling
To clear his name I guess. If he’s actually innocent this will be vindicating
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.
But he is. He won’t talk to us. [NAME] damnit OP answer us!!
Stop attacking me
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!
I want to see the human equivalent to how happy this dog is
Damn. Moving like that in those heels is impressive.
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.
She’s so hot in the video damn
Wish you the best of luck and greener pastures!
Thank [NAME] for spoilers because if I didn't know any better I would be having a crisis over this Trinity performance for the next week.
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one. 
You shouldn’t forget it, and you probably need therapy. Years of abuse like that takes its toll.
That's the exact person who would buy one of those
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!
Washington had it so easy, until they signed [NAME] that stupid contract ...HAHAHHAHAHAHA
If I fail, I still have some experiences with tracking down people. Might come in handy if I ever want to work for the police :P
It doesn't matter. You can pick someone with the #1 Pick that will never be any good...
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.
Bold of you to post [NAME] art on Tenko's BDay. I approve.
Hers are just terrible. I’ve seen the look great on other people.
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
You should see a therapist if it‘s affecting your life or your mental health that much.
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.
It's a joke, fam.
Fair enough but I would imagine it's a small enough number that we can deal with. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater...pun intended
There where over 40000 stabbings in the UK last year, and this guy reckons these “kids” are just acting tough 😬
Seriously? That’s so frustrating. It was [NAME] time to go, some of these “fans” are disgusting.
He is probably taking it slow to change thinks. I just hope that he is not an actual fan of [NAME] system. That would be a disaster
Lol it's a bit of both I think.
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this. 
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
thats one impressive car!!
A different joke. Scenic!
I played a lot of WW2 ranked and had a tone of close games. And the point of ranked is for everyone to be around a 50/50 W/L
Fantastic news for supply - hopefully it translates to less pressure on rents. This market desperately needs more supply and this is great news.
Like I said please have a great day !
Yeah lol like I'm cool with signing/drafting DL but pls not in the first like 3 rounds lol, much less at 2.
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield
I refuse to read him any more. Just another [RELIGION] man getting a slap on the hand & a cover up job.
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck
My favorite!
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected
I like the way your mind works.
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.
some state are way more paranoid about this than others. also depend who handle the call / judge... like, some people believe spanking should be criminal...
Thank you for your service o7
[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye
that's the point
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.
I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!
These are completely unrelated. Please review
Where did you hear this? Sorry I never heard of this and I'm kinda interested now
Oh, goodness!
the future is now old man
Dammit, I thought I put it at the bottom. Sorry.
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!
My bad.
I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.
Bruh cake happy day
Please never don't not reproduce.
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT
But the alt right love him! /s
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.
Thank you so much❤
I am so pleased for you that you are going for therapy. You can really benefit from it. I wish you the very best for the future.
Her mother has been visiting the book sales down at Miskatonic university! You apparently have an excellent reading background, and you've learned well!🧛‍♀️💜
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.
Nah let's not be those people.
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem
>Allow insurance to not pay for treatment of diseases with known vaccinations and to raise rates on antivaxxers *Genius!*
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love
.. :< you're welcome ;;
...silly walks
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.
I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.
Just said so casually...lol!
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.
yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.
LOL [NAME] AND [NAME] JUST PLAYING WITH THEM
She truly looks like a puma, beautiful!!
You need HELP!
> [NAME] My god we have to stop with some of these advanced statistics, it’s legit getting ridiculous. 
Sorry im a french guy
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10
Right?!!! But I have learned to love the bitter taste of alp 🤢😭
Kid looks like he's about to cry
Thank you, I love Heart and Zeppelin and haven't seen that till now.
Sorry to hear that
This was posted, word for word, on r/CrazyIdeas not too long ago. It's a joke
Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters. 
I'm the opposite. I love spending time with friends but initiating it always gives me anxiety, so I generally wait for them to do something.
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.
Da’ts a beauty. Got sniped at auction with seconds left to lose [NAME] from this summer.
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.
my sentiment exactly
Hey, thank you, I hope your issue has resolved also :)
fuck the caps!
Thanks i hate it.
They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
You know, I didn’t have an anxiety attack all day. Thanks for ensuring it happened. 
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.
You and everybody else is free to contribute though. Unlike r/bitcoin where all of us once came from.
he ded.... and why the fuck these POSs have cellphones in prison.
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!
You have too many knives, I don't trust you. Sociopath.
Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.
And suck this guy off at the same time
Something I just thought of... Can you email her or text her instead of call? I find it's easier to deal with difficult people that way.
You just know he liked his own comment
Uncle doods is awesome.
Didn't notice the date, sorry.
I love this so much
That would be really great, but good luck.
You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now 
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.
Watching porn on your phone is a thing people do now? It's such an inconvenient thing to do tbh.
What the fuck who likes cold
Agree with that XI but sad that [NAME] is our best choice.
Now that is a valid opinion unlike your other ones. Unless you didn’t read all of what I said.
Classic imperialism at its finest
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. 
I like this template, it makes me happy.
Both are on the right though.
Yes, it can be a very stressful read at times.
Ive been playing it since this post got loads of upvotes ahahha its great
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time
Well said, hope more and more people continue realize this and discover/take-back their power!
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother 
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.
Yay we start off with the love triangle!
Maybe focus on today instead of worrying about eternity? You'll get a lot more out of life that way.
I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.
How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there
So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend
Binged through this last night. Interesting and entertaining. I'd love to see more.
Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.
I don’t like it.
you can use your inhuman orang-utan strength to tear them from limb to lim thats an option
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent
Was a great interview! Loved the segment on them asking about [NAME] and if he actually had to go to class haha.
Don't worry, I'll sacrifice myself. Hey u/hellseashell, come over here. wants to call you a piece of shit.
This is amazing. This is how Christmas should be.
Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. "
People would still always parry them (600ms) :(
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME]. 
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!
I’ll defer to your experience then.
You ok bro?
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.
You need help.
I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful. 
I loved how [NAME] feels like everyone in the office is her family. Her relationship with [NAME] is so cute and innocent
"Exactly. I forget what the ""killed per year in a school shooting"" figure is but it's shockingly low."
it's an amazing feeling! I love being happy :))))
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.
Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]
Let's be honest here if [NAME] played last night the Canucks win. This defense is a major concern and needs a complete overhaul this offseason.
Thank you for the level headed advice
I understand now. Thank you for your thorough explanation.
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.
Accurate ! Thanks
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.
Thank you so much. Happy New Year to you to.
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy
He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha
I'll pass.
the whole thing, it was just hard to describe/express given how it all happened and everything. 
bravo.. my friend.. bravo.. that was great!! I've never seen that before. That made my day.
My rabbit had one just like this before she passed. I hope the animal is okay.
Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho
Guilty Gear actually did that before with Guilty Gear Isuka. It was, uh...not good. Really fuck-awful, actually. 
good luck!!
The guilt of sin represses all
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].
I don't think we can beat capitalism, but there is a lot of progress to be made. 
Can’t hold this against Tennessee. [NAME] just won’t miss. I’m impressed that Tennessee has stayed in it.
You win one internet!
Oh look, this entire account was made to link to a store that sells this mug.
Well that took a turn real quick!
Do I make you ornery, baby? Do I?! Ok.. Yeah, I probably do now..
What an absolute professional.
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.
Someone else said that, I never examined it that closely because I was too busy having a good laugh lol.
Will do tonight!
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]
You might have better luck
Be prepared for many old men to hit on you
It does IMO, I like being proud of India and I can not be proud if [NAME] wins.
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.
My only issue is he keeps blowing draft picks on QB’s that are terrible.
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]
Then fling baseless insults at me. Youre doing great.
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already
Don’t kink shame me!
These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?
Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article
Love it.
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.
Bad luck you’re in Beckton
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.
Wow, I wish we had info on which counties have it the worst. Was that in the article?
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty 
You. Are. Awesome. Also, congratulations on the baby!!!!
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)
The kidd series is by far my favorite. Much more lighthearted than the prey books.
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.
I had the same thought also.
It’s because their pay sucks. You get what you pay for! Edit: grammar MoFo!
Worried it will be taken off the table?
LOVE JAMES TOO
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik
I’d want to know what happens after
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged 
Highlights will be glorious to watch! Here’s [NAME] shootout zinger!
Yea, it's a waste of bullets. 
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around. 
My [NAME]. I think we have a winner. IT'S. A. REAL. PLACE. Best part
i feel this
It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria
You said it wrong.
"I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a ""service line"""
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.
Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her
I was hoping that wouldn't be the case, that really sucks man. Hope you find something that ignites your passion again!
Proud of you!
Lol love it.
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad. 
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!
damn it, you beat me to it.
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
You DO seem nice. And friendly!
Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.
This is just sad. So, so sad.
All the [NAME] who’ve been harassed or assaulted for “looking [NAME]” will be glad to hear that.
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.
Saint and Eagles was the only interesting game.
The ID cards wouldn't have been a problem if they were like the EU one. It was the fuckload of biometric data that was abhorrent.
Lol good talk
El oh el that was fucking funny
Thank you Dad, very cool!
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.
i love his face for that split second after he is hit
Seek help.
The weapon wasn’t made until 1918-1919 so hopefully this will never be real
[NAME], I love science.
? What do you mean? This is my favorite video game.
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!
Without the stupid caption this is kinda funny
Very entertaining matchup. I really hope we can squeak out the win.
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore
Good. Now all that is required is that people don’t show up.
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE
You must be fun at parties
I'm told I look like [NAME] with a ponytail but I wanna look like [NAME]
Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.
this would work!!
It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards ""hoes"", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex."
It's disgusting how good our teams have been both years until december happens. It's usually started by injuries too.
Thanks a [NAME]
Ugh. Gross
I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.
Sounds nice owo
I vote to now refer to him as [NAME] from now on due to his newfound confidence
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!
Wow, way to deflate Endgame's stakes *even more* before the movie even comes out.
I agree with this statement
I agree. We could even change the colors to black and blue so we are not like soccer
Great if your traveling abroad is limited or predominantly confined to the continent. Otherwise not so much.
This hurts to hear because we know it's true. There are 16 year olds who have experienced more than me.
all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth
Thank you for your thoughtful, insight-filled post, which makes so many valid points.
OMG kids are dying from polio??
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!
It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!
That's a classic. You have good taste.
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way 
Thanks for the reply. Why'd you delete the sad sack comment?
Imagine what hed be like if he was actually very rich lol
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.
It’s the world record egg!
I hope you two can figure this out. I feel for you and for him.
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)
>Also, you realize that both parties largely dabble in identity politics. Oh absolutely! It's a major reason I hate [NAME]. 
I’m actually feeling these commercials. Especially the young dancer dude haha. This is how you advertise to your demographic!
It's also why someone I know is working on becoming an orthopedic surgeon. It's very grim and morbidly lucrative in the US.
Those are pretty good points. Not just for a hypothetical argument, but just good points about the plot in general.
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.
They’re not just investments. They’re deliberately exploitative and China’s not operating in good faith
I feel like you and i share a mind. I appreciate your creativity!
Happy birthday!
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows 
You are an amazingly strong person!
Thank you for such kind words.
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.
I'm so glad you're annoyed.
But if you made that joke about other groups, you would be strongly condemned.
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...
Imagine knowing the world was going to know you're going through puberty, with pictures! And thanks! Huge online comic fan. 
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.
Ah, that's a tryptan, that can have more pronounced effects indeed.
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life 
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.
Damn that's a good-looking pizza
Just from this video I can conclude that Saquon is a better DB than BW Webb is.
Smart guy.
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. 
That was brilliant 😂
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.
If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.
whoops I still hope they press that legislation though
I think they were always pretty but less visable pretty because being overweight can alter the face.
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉
Love the snow suit.
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol
"Dog thinking ""shit this guy is crazy, better get out"""
The article didn’t use it. OP just did a bad copy paste I think.
Haha thank you for all of this! I’m sorry you can relate to it all, you stay safe out there!
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.
Not looking for anything serious ≠ rejection
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.
I love it
My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.
Spiritual shorthand. You nailed it. That term says it all. They've become so practiced in it that it has become meaningless.
I hope my advice helps you. It's worth it. :)
### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here
It ruined me, too. D:
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day
This is so sweet 🖤
I am on month 9 post discard. The anxiety has lifted tremendously, and the depression is still looming but not as bad. 
I like it!
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise
X+n is an even worse option for class caps, so you have pointed out that an old broken system is now more broken. Thanks. 
Guys message got deleted, what did he say? 
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo
Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.
Lol I’m just fucking around I can wait
Don't read, it just gets worse! 
This truly is the best a man can get.
I’m glad he’s gone from Detroit, but good on him for being a professional on ESPN. 
Yup, it's pretty funny to know we technically use the metric system.
Imagine being upset by this
Glad to see [NAME] getting a point, he's been overdue. Now for the 3rd period [NAME]? 
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.
How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.
Be more supportive, think about the long road not the moment. 
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics
You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
Honestly this type of support sounds very shallow. It’s not like you’re gonna support women in any way when their babies are born.
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...
Happy to assist with the credit repairs. I've been in the industry for over 20 years. It takes time but it's fixable.
I still love figment!
It just never got weird enough..
Adulterers are not known to be kind and rationale during a divorce. OP should protect herself.
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!
He's only making like 3M more than [NAME] this year wow
I cried I was laughing so hard
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(
What a fresh and unique criticism!
Thanks for not answering my question. :)
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.
Reaching parity with Steam's 15 year legacy in a single year would be an amazing effort.
Hope you're doing okay!
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol
I’m not a republican
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.
I'm so glad I grew up playing a shooter made for kids rather than a shooter made for kids.
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] all at top tier make me happy
Great talent, this. No ysts reaction, but I still appreciate it.
He was such a pet!! Beautiful looking dog
he is a very dangerous man
The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier
These folks have surpassed
I am honored to be your only comment
Sorry, I’m out of the loop- are they on this season as well? I forgot about them
An hour ago I was not but when I saw this comment I was in the kitchen looking at my phone lol
Well he gets an A+ for fackin over the people!
That poor snek :’(
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.
Problem is we don't have much else of value. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME]. We have to hope [NAME] likes THJ.
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped
I'll look into it, thank you! :)
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires
Meth is a hell of a drug.
Is this a [NAME] reference. I feel like it is.
This made me smile so hard. I am happy for you. May we all find our own happy and worthy constellations 💕
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.
I was petrified...
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.
Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family
Far more to do with being entirely irresponsible and dumb than anything related to benefits or tax claims.
"""Cute dog, what's his name?"" ""[NAME]"" ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)"
Teenagers are teenagers. We dont really care about our spelling anyways. Unfortunate that everyone who corrects them gets downvoted to the underworld though
We’re all bible on this blessed day
Alright thanks, I was so confused for a sec. Thought [NAME] pointed to an uneven bump on the ground 
I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.
You've added nothing to this conversation and just repeated what everybody else. Thanks for wasting my time.
Of course not.
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.
Great start to the post-All-Star game part of the campaign!
Yeah [NAME] is actually really cute and nice but best boi and best girl goes to [NAME] and [NAME]. Just kidding. [NAME] all the way
Bruh fox and heild look like the same dude
Wow that’s one way to get out of it for a while 🤔
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.
Hm okay. I’ll tell the technician that’s what I believe it is and do some googling now. Thanks for the quick response!
I need like a drawn out visual or something
Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that
So his aunt? I think I followed that.
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!
Damn. Alright.
Oh thank god, the TV is safe.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Thank you!
Now is the fun part, where you try to maintain this lifestyle.
Thanks for clearing this up!
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.
i cant i have asthma
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. 
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell
Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body 
Why would we sign [NAME] when we already have a full time shortstop and third baseman?
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...
Demonize - to portray as wicked and threatening. It's not hard to demonize someone when they regularly demonize themselves.
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]
It's a perfectly cromulent scene.
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝
Well, if 10% of active gun owners each convert 4 people, we win :-).
Awesome. Thanks!
that's ok, I'll come join you someday after I've finished all the tears here so be patient ! : )
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.
Not super subtle with my water tool on top though. Thank god for my backyard!
I'm a firm climate change believer but jeez that was painful to read. Sorry, this is far from bestof
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long. 
Yes I love that show! I need to watch the last episodes now that I think of it
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.
except this isn’t true, we know this because other cities do the same thing and see no significant decrease in sales 
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
Thanks [NAME]! <3 #9
Idk which is worse. The guy doing the project or me watching the video.
Listen to it while you're sad
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.
Congrats and best wishes. Build on progress.
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids
That sucks :( are you guys still in good terms though?
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked. 
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since
That sounds wonderful.
I need to hear more stories like this. I've only heard horror stories of the pain with the surgery as an adult.
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]
I wish to be apart of them one day
I agree and I’m a man haha
Thank you.
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.
That hop/shuffle is scary
It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. 
I hope you stay as warm and safe as you can ❄💙
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion
[NAME] comment has me laughing
"""We lost good people on both sides"""
Haha the death and suffering here! Haha he had kids! Haha he was a philanthropist! Haha you might be a sociopath.
oh. i didnt know that. ty
"Sorry i was thinking of the word ""Plaintiff"""
> broaden your vocabulary I'll try my best. Thank you for this
Brilliant post!
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.
Damn this is experience talking.
Holy crap. I wish real life looked this good...
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.
Wow, im the opposite. In year 2 of being apart now.
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA
[NAME] bringing on Sir [NAME] to confront [NAME] about calling him fat is a great interview
As someone who works in the oil industry with a lot of big ships, this is badass.
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.
In doing so, they gave humanity a cinematic treasure for the ages. 
I love the views from Red Road. Great photo.
They're a clear example of what can go wrong when you marry ANYONE you don't really know, regardless of where they're from.
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing. 
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️
Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.
Thank you for the precise context
Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.
I’M HOT ALL THE TIME :( pre-pregnancy I was cold a lot. This is worse.
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.
Auch, that's gotta hurt...
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.
Hedonism at it's finest
A radical departure from the lunacy we have now? Yes.
That's honestly what I thought too!!
Anytime, don't be afraid to reach out if you're feeling down. 
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.
Just think of the awesome stories though!
Your welcome. A simple “thank you” would’ve sufficed. Didn’t need the long-winded response. r/ChoosingBeggars
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.
*alligator point, thank you
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second. 
Would rather not waste 2 more years of Odell and Saquon's prime tanking for a QB 2 years from now. He will enjoy Tampa
The Get Shorty show when he subs in for the guy at the table reading and destroys everybody with his skills is so good.
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check 
Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all
Thank you noodle, very cool!
She’s a [NAME] also, but I doubt that means much in the entertainment business..
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? 
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.
I love this, and #2
yeah exactly! thanks for understanding.
Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE
and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.
Thanks for sharing
Thank you :)
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too
I sure hope so. I wanna cry tears of joy knowing [NAME] and [NAME] rode off into the sunset with one last ring.
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.
My favorite parody in fact.
I'm glad you had such a positive experience on the sub and congrats on the relationship.
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. 
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark
No Despacito Remix. No 4K Ultra. No Goals and Highlights. No 360 No-Scope Assists. Are you even excited man?
Thats what I thought, he can be very lucky to walk away from that 
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT
That woman has a nice body
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.
We've lived together for 4 years. We do everything together.
It was fucking in!!
such a deep and powerful tweet
Good edit. I was going to go on a tirade about changing diapers on my lap/bathroom floors, but now I don't need to.
Hahaha. Oh, you.
Yeah that does, actually. Most of this is news to me. Thanks for actually providing some articles
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.
It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...
No questions are ever stupid. Glad you learned to be a nice person.
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.
Hell yeah my dude. And the best part is, if I had the money, I could get either or both of those right now :)
My girlfriend and I watch it all the time and love making love while it’s playing in the background!
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door
Dogs , unconditional love 
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.
Um congratulations on being a housewife .. Lol?
She's just going to suck you back in.
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.
I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions... 
my mistake :(
Stay strong. You are better off without them.
Thanks for your insight random person on the internet. Did it make you feel better typing that out lol?
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? 
HE CAME OUT A WINNER. LOOK AT ALL DAT MONEY FOR DA HOOD. 7-0 WHEN IT COMES TO OP
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh
Ending a relationship with a toxic person is so freeing. Congratulations!
I'm pretty sure she wants to be alone with you
The University of Essex was a mistake. They're not even good at sports.
Damn, 14 year olds in 2019 are bigger shits than I was when I was 14.
It makes sense, just don't expect much thanks from the rest of them.
Right, no one wants to deal with that. 
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.
This is amazing haha. I think he’s got the type of personality to win too.
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway
LMFAO wtf that's great
Not an effective solution. Shooter always has first move, taking out an unsuspecting teacher would give a shooter access to better arms.
Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?
Thank you, brother.
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently
Get in, I'll tune in now
You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed. 
You got it, thanks!
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].
wow i watch the video fews time and I'm still amazed
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!
Wife of a lawyer. This is correct
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.
I hope [NAME] does some more music soon
Do as I say, Not as I do
You are a god among nurses.
I'm sorry. That's awful
NOLA is a terrible place to live, ran by democrats forever and this is the result. 
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(
That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.
DAYUM!!!!! This post is lit AF. Got some verbal geniuses on this one.
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.
I love the accidental deep frying from the tears on certain words
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s
I’m sorry for your loss op
Damn, that was dirty.
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :) 
True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. 
I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics
Smh people aren’t seeing the real issue though. That’s the woman’s bathroom. ‍♂️
Ugh yes that makes sense. Thanks for the response.
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART
Sorry to disappoint, we are working very hard as employees to turn this thing around. Hopefully we can change your mind in the future. 
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!
Love your username
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...
He's been pretty open about their very legal and very cool bromance
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it 
Nah no offence taken! Just trying to keep things civil HAHAHA, it’s all good my man. 
Thank you so much!
Lmao I feel you.
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.
That blows. Glad you're doing better.
[NAME] just played her ass...hehehe
I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.
And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.
That rain bit was hilarious.
I’m still using a laptop from 2008, and until last month I was using a phone from 2013. Actually felt bad upgrading the phone.
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway
I know! BTW I love your choice of critter. Penguins are fabulous.
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance. 
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq
You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s
I didnt realize wishing Liberty would open their wallet would make it happen... It sucks, but it's the reality. We need value.
Dudes karma is -99 lol
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him
Hell yeah! I can't wait for the rust to break off and for people to be as excited as they were years ago.
Amazing, all three of those consoles are from different generations.
I used to feel like this. That’s a mental illness man
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day
I need the band name on his hoodie for, professional reasons!
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best. 
That’s fun.
The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.
Yeah how dare I want more Green Arrow material in my GREEN ARROW show.
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)
[NAME] has no jump at all. If he’s injured he should sit and get better.
Whatever that means.
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her. 
You're brilliant.
What a confession! Unbelievable!
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.
You must be new to character ranking threads if you think I'm *genuinely* upset at some random person's worthless opinions.
I'd love it if we could just put everyone into work camps as soon as they turn 12. Property come would be a thing of the past!
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.
Thanks for the sharing your information.
I thought he was trolling oops
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.
The same here. It's hard to be alone, but not as hard as the eggshells and abuse.
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun. 
lol [NAME]
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.
I like the game tonight
hahaha. She is stunning though!
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.
[NAME] queen will live until he is 86 years old. Thts what reverse flash said so its the damn truth
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”
Because it was a terrible idea.
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.
are u ugly?
Lol, that actually sounds kinda like [NAME]' rallying cry! 
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.
Congratulations to your organization for having good management.
I have so much to think about
If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.
Thanks for clearing that up for me, now I know that I do not need to rush a play-through of the game. :)
This is so cruel. I literally feel physically sick.
Confirmed that men are literally soulless, it's a matter until they start eating humans
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. 
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof
Wow, great news bro!
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.
As much as I would love this kind of support, I had beef with people over EVERYTHING
Talked about our demons after watching It's Kind of a Funny Story.
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored
This is legit. Nobody puts baby in a corner! (Or a box)
No one but they're mine and they protect me from facing the truth D:
inject that shit into my veins
I feel like the world just doesn’t want [NAME] to have the spotlight. This is torture for a [NAME] fan like me. :’(
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them 
Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring. 
I wish that was a thing 😅
"Many Stores are doing away with the ""fine"" jewelry - but we make a ton of money on the costume jewelry - the mark up is ridiculous!"
Sometimes to do what's right we must give up the thing we want the most... even our dreams.
Wow. That scene would’ve made knocked up much better.
Bless you.
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!
Take each penny and give it a good look... to sneeze and lost the count. Again.
Worst radio ever.
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.
This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.
Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol 
Nice try Iwobi
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.
Bloody Peasant!
that's not what he's saying at that part
damn. Thanks!
Best day of the week!
As far as I'm concerned, [NAME] run for the WH ended with this twisted ankle.
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.
Dont look back at the salt pillars, trust me.
this team is hard to watch, things that can so easily be fixed to make us great that are just persistent fuck ups and we refuse to fix them
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...
I heard someone say one... ‘everywhere is is better but Perth is the best!’ Glad you enjoyed your holiday!
Ha. She cried because you influenced it.
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
Do you really think anyone would support this legislation on any side. Jeez man lay off the [NAME] plus that would really destroy the CIA/FBIs blackmail program lol
What a sheltered life you have lived.
Yessir, it gives me the creeps. That boy ain't in Scotland, and that boy ain't right.
Touche lol. Ours usually comes back pretty quickly, I think this is the longest it's been out.
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!
I agree it’s disrespectful to so blatantly disregard her parents wishes but yes, otherwise too uptight.
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint
Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.
Poetic and also true.
Credentials are just the type of the iceberg. I know people who got married lying about their marital status and sexual orientation.
Your dad is a wise man
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game. 
im glad that's not what the game is about then
Apparently government cares about the environment about as much as many of our neighbors.
Healthier and more disgusting.
Please don't use it as toothpaste. It will destroy your teeth.
"What am I supposed to understand from the phrase ""1v1 fam, a duel""."
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now
Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.
I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.
Nicely framed.
There are worse things!!!:
Just change in the stall. I used to do it. No one will say anything to you about it it's normal
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.
It's a bitter cycle
Alright leaving town now. Thanks again. Taking my mom she’s always wanted to go to a game.
Good luck going to jail.
The good kind
That's what I would recommend too. Go for righteous deflection and second wind as your t2 and t3 for additional anti-gank potential
Impressive to have such foresight.
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.
Everyone keeps giving me that advice haha. She's happily married to a really nice dude, and she is basically my sister at this point.
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!
* [NAME] fought for freedom and glory, is one of my favorite characters in general.
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].
And in those dominion game, everyone clapped. And [NAME] was there.
Not exactly the cream of the meme crop there. And on a personal note I don't think ironically bad memes are funny.
this is probably one of the top 5 most legendary copypastas from this community - I’ve always loved this one
I can appreciate that but snitches get stitches unfortunately
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.
I absolutely did and loved every minute of it. I really do hope it gets more seasons
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!
Well...yeah. It did.
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.
Hope they will, but I doubt some of the dems in dc.
You're the best kind of person. I hope that you find great family and friends in your mother's family.
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?
One time at the moment, but I did feel so full of energy after.
4 lives essentially, its insane
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy
Very handsome!!
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements
Honestly scared to see what happens
Sorry don’t follow you.
I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.
Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger 
Thank you for sharing!
1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.
Thanks, we were just waiting for you to come in with the final say.
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.
The my bad thing is hilarious.
You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.
My anger, up 50%. 
Sicko mode is on a whole new level, it cant be compared.
They seem to be about 1/2 the price anyone else has quoted me, so it`s a good place to start, thank you!
Happy for him, great game. 
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE
That ending made me so fucking happy. Fuck that guy. Congrats to you.
Instagram literally fueles my eating disorder, I can't have it. It is all fake though
Thank you deeply for these words!
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.
This is amazing and exactly how I feel about him. I love [NAME] and [NAME] but this is why Nuge is my favourite NUGE IS HUUUUUUUGE
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!
She's stricter in the source material, I believe. Disney, as usual, watered her down. (No offense to the wonderful [NAME].)
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!
that sounds absolutely adorable!! im glad you had those kittens there as a distraction :)
> LMAO, it's not free shit head, where the fuck is the source codes? This the real question.
“I am on the verge of exploding in my pants” “Hehe you’re cute :)” -her
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!
That is some serious dedication... He must love his job
Great story. Maybe it isn't malicious compliance, but I enjoyed it anyway. Damn companies who lack empathy for other humans.
Good things take time.
We all know that everyone was doing the Kiki do you love me ironically so that if people do it unironically then we can make fun of them.
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
Thank you for the explanation! 🦈
Damn who is [NAME] pissed at?
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius? 
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph
Yeah thank you. I think I would want to know exactly what they didn’t like so I know what I can improve on.
Wow those fruit turnovers look delicious id defo pay 3$ to have one
That's not really a solid method.
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome
I’m happy I can help.
It's time to cultivate some mass.
Go slowly and don’t pressure yourself but rake advantage of some adult company for an evening out if the opportunity presents itself. Best wishes
I wish I could hear Waves with earbuds/headphones for the first time again
Your market sucks
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”
you are delucional.
Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers... I never saw the movie, myself. I thought it looked pretty stupid.
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!
I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.
THANKS ^(that was close...)
Congrats I’m very happy for your happy ending. Wish you guys many many years of happiness together
Yeah, I don’t trust them either. 
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?
Your wife is smart.
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move
[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.
Beautiful part of the world. Heading back up in a few weeks once the snow finally settled!
what an idiot
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!
So brave!
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.
Glad that's settled
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."""
To drool on.
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.
your vehicle is pretty!
oh happy cake day
Well this is inappropriate
I remember going to the US for the first time as a kid and being utterly fascinated by the cycle of lawyer/prescription drug commercials
Superbowl 42 is going to be the greatest Superbowl of all-time for a long time.
He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.
Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha
No I dont think I said that anywhere
"I didn't say ""do it for the children,"" but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you."
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?
I don't mind helping people but often the problems seem so petty and small and the solution is so simple.
I see. Never get bored is my main goal :)
Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? 
One time my old Teacher made our entire country leave the European Union...thanks Mr. [NAME]...
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali
Thank you for understanding <3
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.
Congratulations! Your kids are very lucky to have a strong and positive parent :)
Yep. The court loves certified letters. That way there is some proof that the letter was received.
How has the season not even started, and Plastique already is my fav
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].
I knoooow like why do people exist just to make things worse I’m so tired of all these alts/ weird question askers
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!
im putting my faith in you son
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.
Nice post here, dork.
Oh, exploitable
Yeah, it basically gives us carte blanche to challenge every single gun law, lol. [NAME].
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion
Damn... METOO
I really hope we win tomorrow. .500 halfway through the season would be insanely satisfying... also I want to win lol
luckily i do not have mixxed cycles myself... rapid cycling, sure, not mixed episodes though. sending hope your way!!
This is an excellently written response, thank you for offering her your support. 
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try
Oh hey that's pretty cool!
That makes sense with NBC owning coverage of the Olympics.
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.
Lmao that’s actually pretty good.
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.
Done that. Body dysmorphia makes them look the same to me 🤷
Good thing 2000 aud is only worth about two pounds
Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell
And I also appreciate you.
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President. 
This is how I know I'll have a good time!
So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool
Somebody is really insecure about their career decisions.
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.
"Weird how ive been ""attempted"" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D"
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?
I don't like [NAME] this season but she's always been a favorite before. Am I the only one? She has an edge that seems unlikable
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.
Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this
> And I can’t blame you. Whyy? They are beautiful little bugs
We don't do that here
People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!
Thank you - will await your PM.
I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.
Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu
I love how they keep getting smaller 🙊
That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge
Oh my gosh! I subscribed to both! Thank you so much for the recommendation.
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy. 
Science damn you!
Thank you kind internet stranger for listening to me. I feel a little less alone for the moment.
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here. 
Welcome to adulthood my bro.
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.
That's great! You got this!
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead
Yeah, everyone goes through this phase during their Junior year of high school. 
That’s it! Thank you!!
You’re a gorgeous bride! :D I love the looks you chose
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.
I'm on my legal age and he's my second partner. I wil try to find more about it...
Just rubbish.
Thanks! I'm glad you got a kick out of it.
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.
d'oh, my bad 😔
Damn that is impressive. Can we draft an entire o-line from them?
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!
Absolutely gorgeous pass by [NAME]
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going
Indescribably beautiful.
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.
Just subscribed! Keep strong bro focus on the end goal :)
Well duh, he’s a scientist. So he’s probably smarter than the average anti vaxxer
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!
I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.
Someone commented that it's like that friend who constantly talks about their ex, but insist they're over them.
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️
Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D
But actually, they are all beta
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.
Cause this isn't a woman its a dude :D
That’s actually a great idea. I didn’t even think of that.
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!
Can a lad please send me one of whatever the fuck this is plz.
Wow! This is an old one! Everyone knows atheists don't have A holiday. They have ALL of them!
That was brutal.
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. 
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)
had to google mesosphere. good job.
I would do this job for free! /s
I look forward to it.
This was such a genius character. Even reading quotes makes me breakout laughing, every time
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.
I'm I the only one actually rooting for them to make the playoffs next year, I don't hate them or anything unless we face em
Just making a joke from The Office. My bad haha
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses
Wow interesting to hear how the cops responded. Glad they actually tracked the car down!
I guess we're just gonna have to agree to disagree.
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.
We need more media coverage on the [NAME] abductions, and since the Alliance won’t do anything the BBC is our only hope.
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
i like that she's just kind of meeting people and dating. I wouldn't even really call it a triangle tbh.
Sorry, what?
This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck
She should kick him out... next best thing from abortion.
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.
Hey, she's pretty hot
I agree. Girls digg when you take the lead on this, Just be upfront.
I understand completely. People have no memory or understanding of the true horror of these diseases. I am truly glad you have decided to vaccinate. Blessings [NAME]
"Now you ruined the surprise!"""
I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that tbh...
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.
Not a problem! I feel for everyone of you ladies, and yall all my my sympathy and empathy. 
Thats not mold
Lol if he wouldnt have 3 straight bad games it still would not be even close to LOCK
don't send that message
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly. 
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(
Thanks for the book recommendation!
I appreciate that you care about me. I've been thinking about you as well.
I've been in China for years. I love it. Great job, apartment and love my city. I've never had a single problem 
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.
thanks for clarifying, you put me into cardiac arrest for a moment
>Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!
Thanks:D
Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.
I like you
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future
You're not kidding about the savage energy part. Just look at this man.
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. 
Those all look like perfectly good cookies or is that the joke
yes everyone does this!
Not to be critical, but “rethuglican” is an awful one 
not having periods for sure
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!
[NAME] because hes best survivor
You are valued and appreciated
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you
The best thing about a traffic jam on 59 is getting out of it
[NAME] that is frightening...
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe
The perfect amount of salt for me
My wife is out for shabbos and I'm so lonely without her :(
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.
Poor [NAME]. Give him some Enfamil. He will feel better soon.
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube
What a nice [NAME] sentiment!
Welcome back to H town!
Oh thanks I didn’t pay really attention haha
Damn I wish there was such a service here.
That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?
[NAME] thank you so much this is so blessed
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread
I will! Thanks!
I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥 
it's worth it not having to deal with ebay's laziness fixing stupid problems
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back
Haha my cat does that as well. Had to get round door knobs.
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].
Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age. 
I believe my wife will laugh at this, i'm gonna try it tonight!
I live in those unfortunately
There is always the risk of a team throwing him a stupid offer sheet. I still wish we would've thrown a max at [NAME].
Sorry for your loss 😣
WON ME 1K LAST GAME IN PARLAY!!
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.
So much fake news.
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them. 
Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.
"The Right: ""Why won't the left let us rape, abuse and brainwash children without putting their liberal noses where they don't belong."""
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.
Ah, thank you :D
Maybe but kids and social media and cellphones in classroom, and a pervasive culture that glorifies sports over education are ruining our education system. 
I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) 
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle 
She had it saved on her phone because she was too lazy to delete it. Thank goodness.
Just like demar used to do lol
Just hit Leichhardt! Well, the wind has, waiting for the cool now though!
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.
A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.
That's the best line in the entire show for me.
I want a DL thats about 800€ for a month is the one who's new here lol.
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.
Thank you so much for this link, watching [NAME] was an absolute delight! 
>I just hope Lovejoy is back Phrases I'd never expect to hear for $600 [NAME]
That's a weird answer.
Glad I could help!
Your reading skills are unparalleled
Now this is what I was looking for! Thank you good lad
This is so infuriating.
"Love the tilt away. ""nobody will know what I'm up to"". "
Surely it's *a* factor. It's just not sufficient. [NAME] had a good life before he went jihadi.
Offense is taken, not given. Calm down, you'll live longer. 
Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.
You are BOTH awful people.
Nice find!
Underrated comment.
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.
Beautiful. I love ecclesiastical architecture.
Thanks for not showing her picture. I just had lunch.
I'm so proud to be british
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.
Exactly my goals as well. Let's make it a great year.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place."
OMG make it I want to be in on the ground floor of something #INVEST INVEST
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals
That was his scripted job. Fake.
"My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say ""not even with a gun to my head"" if I get one."
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.
10/10. The end had me rolling tho lol. Got me at the right moment.
Cheers! Let's keep it going!
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.
But then they can't draw the m word
It's spelled HIPAA, not HIPPA. It also doesn't do what you think, and at best it's the ADA that discourages employers from asking.
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech
QB Coach too? Shit..
Holy shit I’m stupid
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*
I mean, your account is a day old, so I think you’ll be okay.
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong
LOL watch this with the Raptors' commentary:
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude
My wife really likes Deja but hasn’t listened to TDAGARIM. I’m so excited for when she hears it for the first time.
A year is way too short. You won’t know the impact of Brexit till 2030 really.
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.
I've got no place else to go...
I've never heard the insult 'Galaxy-Brain' before, but it's a wonderful! I'm gonna have to use it more often.
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha
For goodness sake give [NAME] a rest. After the last game he said he was so tired from running so much.
They’re so angry!
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.
This hurts my brain
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!
ah, rejection. i know something about it
Yes it’s like passing around the donation plate in church.
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3
My fave moments are checking cities and villages and my heart races when I see movement :D
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard
Doesn't look intentional though.
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend
It was never implied as such. You simply mistakenly interpreted it that way.
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work
Gotta admit, I chuckled at this one
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.
It's the top comment. How weird.
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic
these [NAME] impersonators are getting terrible
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.
If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.
It's a troll. Look at the history.
Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid
I look amazing
Awesome ! That will be worth multitudes one day for certain. And such a classy gentleman, [NAME] is the best in NHL
And in the worst fashion possible.
shut up LIBTARD you right now:🤯😭🥺
you have captured their ugliness perfectly . GREAT JOB
oh no
Yes you pretty much summed it up. Wanted her out of that career that was destroying her.
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.
Colts Offense is laughable right now
That's amazing why have I never found this before.
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.
I thought it was funny ‍♀️
So lifelike!
Can’t wait to lose this one!
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.
Thank you, I needed this to vent my frustrations into 😆
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘
Now you’re repeating yourself. Boy bye #wasteoftime. Have fun trying to call this company and their products bunk when everyone loves them haha
I think I’m in that Facebook group. This should be fun haha. They’ll prob eat you alive.
(It was a joke)
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh
I got into one building, but I’m planning on going back soon. pictures ^
Might is generous lol. He totally killed that guy.
"we have a ""righty"" complaining about ""lefties"" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."
>It happens plenty. Good to know. I would have expected to see it on the wiki, especially if many atheists *do* believe in objective morality.
what in the actual fuck. why are they still driving?!?!??!!?! Love the kindness of the young dudes tho
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.
Haha thanks, I'm not cool at all but that comment made my day! Genuinely made me smile. <3
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.
I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].
Very true.
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.
I have endured worse.
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust
"Said to my very white-looking brunette coworker once: ""Are you an oriental?"""
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.
Lucky the patient passed out, they wont feel any of it or hear anything you're saying!
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!
That's cause [NAME] really got his career ruined by injury.
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.
She must have a very boring life
Wooooo! Yeah! -applause-
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess
Agreed. Very relevant suggestion!
Omg so short but such a bop! I’m so excited for her album
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!
Great setup.
Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.
This is awesome. Always been wanting more historically accurate representations of ancient Chinese military equipment and soldiers and not the almost fantasy level stuff seen in drama's.
Thank you, I know my OHIP Is up to date as I have my health card in my wallet and I updated it myself when we moved 
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.
YES to all of this!
It’s fake
It's fairly good
Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.
What does IANAL mean? Thanks!
Well, it is generating them. It has a vector space (latent space) from which you can pick out a face.
Free market healthcare. Check out what countries like Denmark can achieve in healthcare through taxation. Must be communist propaganda.
Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol
Oh great now Soda is screaming again just what I needed.
Happy cake day friend
"I will donate money to the ""Buy a striker fund"" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating. "
I'm glad you managed to find your own fun and most probably made a big contribution for this great ending. The whole masked rogue idea was amazing
[NAME] deserves appreciation
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it
Rough. Poor woman.
[NAME] made that lmao
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool. 
Another great bit on identity politics...
Oh ok sorry
The only happy ending I enjoyed on this sub. Good job.
My man!
Made me laugh, tbh.
hmmm interesting... i guess your an interesting lady. PM me then. :)
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol
Dude I hope you get help and get clean again. Best of luck to you.
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫
[NAME] doesn't really look hindered by the way she's playing and hitting. I hope she doesn't retire. [NAME] just playing amazing.
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.
TSM would be cool
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.
Hell yeah, high five. Good job!
You sound like a creep dude
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments. 
This is very helpful, I'll dive into these links thanks
[NAME] plays well in Texas. So there is that.
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines. 
That's the only way us [NAME] can successfully learn the hardest language in the world. /s
That they will always love me despite how erratic I am and that they will always care about me, even if I haven't seen them in years.
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO
They are super super awkward.
I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence
See? Your mind is great! You think like [NAME]. And that's pretty cool. He's a dang genious. :)
The only clown that make me laugh.
I wish that too 😢
58 and I still live at home.
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!
I told him to go away with his best friend to California, I am so appreciative!! 
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared
I agree she’s not fat, but that is Photoshopped and posed into oblivion.
Entire planet should be good
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?
Hey, me too. Good luck tomorrow 
Well hopefully we’ll find out how hard her life was tonight ☺️
[NAME] voice was great!! Especially in Night Prowler
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. 
Thanks <3
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.
Honestly, it's a great sample of the world as a whole. One articulate person can steer an entire crowd of idiots to do anything.
u/pronouncedbooty Thank you for the advice, but IDK how I feel anout those foreign substances entering my body
This is disturbing.
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )
Me too 💕
The only objectives elements I read is : industrial farming/industrially farmed. The rest is only self-godism.
Wish i had more up votes for you.
Well, if that's how you always are, I can't imagine even wanting to be next you let alone have deer like sex with you.
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.
I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.
Yea. That video is garbage.
I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.
ROFL! Just about! Didn’t know someone’s eyes could bug out of their head like that outside of cartoons. ;-)
Don't worry, I forgive you.
You’re better off going to University
Ah, then apologies for my ignorance, and thank you
Thanks! I’ll be sure to do that!
This bit was more fun than it should have been.
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.
At least she can eat Abel or something so we don't have to worry about feeding her.
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry
Thank you so much for the help 😊
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.
I miss those lol
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...
"I love this one too ""I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"" Men translate this into ""Pay me for sex"""
For a moment there I thought I was the only one! Pretty awesome and I had no idea
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him
LOL SO RANDOM
What does that even mean? What a uselessly vague statement.
That live snail got me freaked
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.
Hoping to make it to Seattle soon. I’ll make sure to reach out.
Continue the positivity!
That’s my mission :) thank you so much
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.
Honestly, I really liked being 32. The 30s in general have been great. Happy birthday!
Many people from 2004 played Fortnite too. You know, because it's a good game and not everyone likes to hate on things arbitrarily.
That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.
Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. 
Yeah, try to buy a relationship, good idea...
I will mate. No worries.
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show
doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate
Good for you!
Toughest shit I’ve experienced never been in love like this before but a few beverages and some time I’ll be all good, thanks bro!
I like [NAME] better
I fail to see the downside of that.
Dear lord this woman is awful
Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it
I wish to find my best one.
I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.
I'm here for you😄😜
Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.
Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that
thanks! That helps
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol
Good luck [NAME]
Another nipple man, we should form our own Subreddit
Wha? I'd love more background on this.
"Some ""Mean Girls"" style backstabbing will be a great B-plot for this new season! 🍿"
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. 
Thanks for defending your tribe.
You're right, but you forgot to mention they are registered [NAME]
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.
Get rid. This is a toxic relationship that is making you unhappy. You are making all efforts for nothing in return.
Oh jeez I missed that :(
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!
Luckily he is not.
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.
Suck my good behaviour!
good luck getting them to understand that
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids. 
I miss their 100 Octane petrol...
Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.
This is racist
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.
Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. 
Boondock Saints, a brilliant documentary on the South Boston psyche 
My day was ok, I’ve just been watching YouTube and on twitter.
Nice asimov reference
I try and avoid that entire mall. Hahaha
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!
"Update: All is well with the old man. Thanks for letting me vent in a ""creative way."""
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.
My new favourite bromance
Obviously a flying monkey somewhere. What a nightmare that guy is. I'm glad you cut him out of your life.
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.
That’s gotta hurt.
First I was afraid, I was petrified...
"I'm going to use ""my dicky has to perpetually get sticky"" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!"
Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.
I would tell her part of loving herself/her body is taking care of herself. Speaking as a recovering obese person myself.
I LOVE google voice! IT's the only way I can get my parents to reply to anything!
Lol what an edgelord
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires
Awesome, thank you! :)
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.
"""This is good. What is it?"" ""Es carne de burro."" ""Heh, my name's [NAME]."""
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.
So edgy.
Yeah I agree. I've seen Jacob's Ladder multiple times. Only Stay twice.
That it just seems worst now because we have phones (instant media)
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. 
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.
Sounds like you are dealing with some difficult mental health issues. Parents generally love their children. maybe try to talk to them??
That's the spirit!
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!
RNG gear is a solid no from me.
[NAME] wore them today. Trying to be like her crush, [NAME]. It's kind of sweet.
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao
Interesting ideas and has a strong argument against postmodernism
Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes
Better for his brand..but it's pretty clear... Welcome to the Raptors!!!
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis
:) thanks on behalf of kiwi. He’s quite handsome.
Thank you.
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)
That one is pretty obvious
Missing this roster 😢😢😢
That would be terrible. I liked the way private Practice ended (more or less) so hopefully [NAME] doesn’t go for something cliche.
You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.
I prefer boyfriend over partner any day lol
Thanks for reply, I'll enjoy reading through the comments... maybe you make a book of it all. 
Their wings are great! Huge, well breaded and sauced, comes with a nice dill ranch dipping sauce. But expensive as hell... $14 for 6 wings
bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol
Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!
Gnostic atheist here. This is a great summary!
That survival rate is skewed. It doesn't include the people who don't seek treatment because they can't afford it
At least she's not a dirty little hamster.
Good. Stay the fuck away.
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop
I literally do not like this
Lol no.
More rudeness, misogyny and sexism from [NAME]. If it wasn't so predictable it would be upsetting. [NAME]. 
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!
Such a hilarious way to put it, and omg yup.
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs
Bad angle, but ya got good features and clear skin, pretty gud
I hope it doesn’t get worse
You smug fuck
why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!
I reported you :-) Expect to find your comment deleted within a few hours :-)
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)
Happy birthday, [NAME]!
How about as a whole we just hate snow
How are they assholes?
Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::
This is one of the worst written posts I've seen on this sub for a while
death of drone is hilarious, like a scene from theater.
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.
Don't worry - there's only one barely known movie to his credit. Pretty easy to avoid.
Why the fuck do people have these conversations in public
You laugh at them. Openly. For being childish and naive. If they don’t react to facts maybe they’ll react to wounded pride.
Wouldn't it just be enough to be really interesting is to go through the arguments. However, I would guess this is the most symmetric of these.
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(
What an absolute bloke. Keen to see him run wild this season.
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!
That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.
Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)
Good for you!
"If that's a euphemism for ""emotional thinking"" then I agree with you"
Well then just ice it (if you haven’t already) and hope for the best
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???
I gave the show a chance because I enjoyed Bad Education. AP Bio is pretty bad compared to it. Hopefully season 2 improves.
This should be everyone's wish.
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.
In hindsight, yeah, but we had a healthy [NAME] at that point.
Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.
Thanks for taking this on. My daughter's extended family on her father's side do nothing but indulge this crap and it's undermining everything.
Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.
I love artic blitz personally
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..
Great Photo. Really showcases what most outsiders expect when they come to Nashville for a show!
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.
Thank you, LimbRetrieval-Bot! 
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].
[NAME] bless that batch tagger extension
I want it!
Too bad they lost.
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
Okay, thank you very much! So we are off the deep end of Riverdale logic here.
Thank you all for the insight.
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here
Okay, thanks for the clarification!
Oh wow. Gotta visit it one day.
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.
That would be awesome
Ok, if that's what you think. I'm just a bystander at this point and laughing at how angry people are getting.
I didn't knew people can be so bad until I met a few people online.
Yessss thats it ...thanks
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. 
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.
I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth. 
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift
No I made the best of it, we had so much fun. Can’t wait to go back! 
aha American Sniper, movie genuinely moved me.
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.
There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome
"Hopefully ""new games"" doesn't mean ""new ways to put money into other things besides our main games."""
Ok, then what the actual fuck is your plan?
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
Then I would greatly appreciate a concise yet informative rebuttal on what I have wrong, Doctor.
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.
Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.
Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too
Detroit can be interesting...
lol this is nothin. I go on reddit to hear myself be right
He’s been a duke homer since the 90s lol at this point In his career we know what we’re getting with [NAME]
So glad I moved here.
Awesome! [NAME] is stilling kicking it through the uprights!
you are pathetic.
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..
You're an amazing person OP. Please keep doing you!
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game
Thank you for telling me !
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]
Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?
This sub needs more Poison memes.
Shut up [NAME]
That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.
And it's stopped. Training cancelled :-)
Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. 
It has to get better. Hang in there!
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year
Cordovan in the mech with the loudspeaker really makes me smile. It is just so bonkers. I love it.
God damn I miss this game!
Frankly, I'm continuously shocked that more than 35% of the population actually think he's doing a good job. 
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2
Love me some Clash
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game. 
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.
This dog is so cute
In the short term, yes. 
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.
Haha exactly right!!
damn you're prolly right. only character i actually hate is [NAME], i'll use a different word
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!
You sound scared
as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees
Yes. I got accused of being a man or a bootlicker because I was a mod in a men's lib sub two years ago.
I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)
What a gutsy, huge win. This might be the most important win of the year thus far
Ah cool. I thanks for clarifying.
Ya, he’s a lot better. If someone maxes dlo that will be the new [NAME] contract.
You contradicted yourself
[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].
I take Yaz to treat PMDD and it has minimal side effects for me: no acne, no weight gain, no babies. I hope this helps!
[NAME] came a long way since the nervous wreck he was the first year. or.. two.
Ugh, just give me some Metallica, [NAME] and the damn puck drop.
I came here to say basically the same thing. Too much talent and positional flexibility to have a standard lineup.
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.
I hope you enjoy it!
Welcome to non union states!
Thank you so much! Yes that’s what I think I’ll do wait for him to make a move... the waiting part sucks. lol
Now i need an island visit and a nice beef dip from the Crown and Gate!
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit
All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped
That solves it. Thank you!
That's a succinct explanation thanks!
Man that movie is such a classic
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.
Lol. Not everything is about your pet issue but I do appreciate your attempts to frame it that way. Keep up the good fight!
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs. 
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol
Just cleaned my room
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(
I actually enjoy watching this while eating
Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
If there's evidence besides say-so, chances are better.
The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.
This is the bus station way outside the city center and nowhere near the sea Edit: Unfortunately Turkey does lack aesthetic appeal outside Istanbul tourist areas
we got good at breakaways!!
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.
The pats losing is a good thing.
Thanks! I like your advice. I'm a mom too. I was even smaller after she was born than before my pregnancy. Weirdness.
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go 
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.
It’s a rough time I hope your Ex wife gets better.
“Fall in love with at least one physical, one artistic, and one intellectual pursuit” — This is great advice! Thank you 😊
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.
Completely understandable. Lots of players who are new and don't realize how big of a distraction that is
[NAME] speed, and good luck.
"More comments than upvotes lol ""Most Democratic"" How do you even measure that? "
Best person available on DL or OL, CB if the two positions mentioned do not justify the pick. Trade back if we miss on all 3. 
I don’t go out that way much but even [NAME] is killer if it’s slippy out.
I really love this title.
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.
He's a good prospect. Solid enough lineout and scrum, great around the park. Been pushing TPN for starting spot.
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in. 
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.
I enjoyed this TED talk.
dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this 
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois
Oh we're doing this again huh
I'll try. Thank you.
Yeah that was his mistake
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!
Haha...what kind of fan base would do that?
well the irony is that felons are discriminated against, even non violent offenders.
The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad
Still won the race though ha who’s a failure now
Nah [NAME] gonna be an asexual for sure.
That actually makes sense, thank you for answering my question. Did you try training your dog?
lol eat your own farts Trumpkin
Honestly I can't see why not. Tho I'm a bi male so I don't know if it's valid haha
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.
"My nmom always says ""Well, you learned from it!"""
Oh [NAME] why does he have to drag green day into this
"My work days are usually similar....but even the ""good morning"" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!"
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.
I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi
Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.
You have to be REALLY old to be too old to appreciate rap music. Rap music started in the 1970s.
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.
Your right thanks
How exciting.
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO 
Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. 
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.
My arms only seem small because my love handles are so big
Gotta share the love, have an upvote :) 
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! 
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.
Common sence isnt that common any more
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing
It happened in back to back home games earlier this season but hasn’t happened since.
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.
Wow, that sounds like it could be great.
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content
My kids did, I’m sure! I hope this card enjoys the bottom of my trash can. 
Dumpster fire. I cant quit you Edmonton!!
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.
And that wig is awful
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !
It could have been worse! All the chairs and table are still upright.
The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.
yeah, thanks
But once it's born, if its parents can't afford food, shelter and medical care, it can go fuck itself.
This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is
Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun
Thanks. I appreciate your advice. It is what I was looking for. Thanks again.
Good for you.
I know it's 40C over here lol
Good thing the lions no longer run a true 4-3
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.
I hated that smug ass lawyer.
Kerastase. Redken is pretty good, too. 
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.
Yes it does. I kept doing this for 2 mins. But yes it can still be reassigned manually at the command center I'm sure
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^
Thanks. I think she isn't; but I hope she will be happy one day too.
Its not the best state But its better than most states.
Ah yes, the standard midwestern transplant rite of passage. “THIS ISNT COLD LOL IM FROM WESHUBEKAUAN MINNESOTA AND YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT COLD IS”
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.
Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.
Well if you refer back to my original reply to you that should be clear, really. 
Very glad to hear. Good luck. He has more control then he thinks!
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance 
I'm personally curious why we didnt get a video bit from him. Is he natty or bust? His stuff is great
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.
Omg I'm crying and shaking rn [NAME] would never say that
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.
That doesn’t help people in market though.
there's a thai restaurant in my husband's hometown that makes pad thai delicious enough to make me cry. i look forward to it every time we visit
The best reason to watch it again!! That scene with the ants was fucking fantastic, award winning worthy.
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!
You have to sneak up on the flame by approaching slowly.
We smart apes
Start doing things you want to do? Doesnt need to be the same things as your peers but just the things you like.
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. 
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
Some folks are just bitter and taking it out on the world right now. Don't give into their idocy, keep up the good spirit!
Bitch yes!
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.
Sounds like you need to get some help /s
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]
I used to. It's been a while though.
Of course it was a huge hit for him. I hate people
Maybe it should become a rule. Or a rule someone can't post his own website constantly. ;)
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
He is such a cutie, I had no idea he was polish 
Same here. Around the same time frame. Ill report back if it changes for me and ask if you can do the same. Thank you
>Emotions like this will get you killed. That is too bad, considering I was planning on living forever.
shucci a lil BITCH
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.
[NAME], legendary skater
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.
I'm doing a lot better. It means a lot that you checked in on me. Thank you!
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not. 
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.
**You are breaking the car!**
Definitely. I find if I don't exercise for a few weeks I'll gain a few pounds quick..
The douche is strong with this one.
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people
LMAO! I would heed his advice if I didn't get chased off by the private land owner 😁
Stupid theory!
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh
"""Someone else must start this however... but I will sure join in the violent fight that will ensue... I promise!"""
Well I am happy you believe that.
Beautiful and thank you for the inspiration.
[NAME] campaign donation at work apparently. Sure didn't take long.
Wait, this is actually a really interesting point. That could/should play a factor if he‘s a legitimate candidate. 
I love how nobody posting here to decry the buzzfeed article is using their actual accounts, they’re all throwaways. Cowards. Just like your felonious President.
Happy birthday and cake day! I hope you find a little bit of joy somewhere in your journey today.
Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*
Stalking is kind of beta. He should have kidnapped her on horseback.
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that
Happy for you!
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.
"That's what you get when you stretch a series for too long.... ""Ohhh gee....welp.... another one....."""
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.
This is honestly amazing.
They are angry virgin children because he plays the game like it was supposed to be played. SOT has the most pathetic community ever.
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!
Cool I have a few friends that do the same I appreciate them being stories instead of direct messages
Careful, he's a hero
don't worry, the funding will arrive the year after!
No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.
Cancel your trip, man. This shit all too much for you
That makes it an extra special accomplishment. Yay!
This guy has been a lot of fun to watch over the last couple of years. Hope the draft goes well for him.
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.
Not just that. Falling oil prices really hit Iran very hard (and is about to hit Iraq's next year budget hard next year as well).
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.
Everything. Everything is wrong with being hypocritical.
I doubt that [NAME] cares.
Fuck
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up
You have more patience than I do.
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
I mean yeah that's really it. Getting him on tape saying racist stuff is the only possibility of a sale.
Think its time you let your butterfly self out, dear....
Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same
How mature of you. Resorting to name-calling is delightfully childish. I expected nothing less.
Thanks [NAME], very cool.
No no, you don't thank a bot you say good bot Also happy cake day
Great bit of info. Thanks for the reply.
I'm sensitive! :'(
Gang beast is really only fun with friends
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.
Oh man. You're the cutest.
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds
Ahh, alright. I'd no idea hahah
I didn’t like that blue & yellow until you said [NAME].
I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once
W-what a great audience
LOL [NAME] you're too loveable for that. ♡
Sorry, an errant surge of frustration 
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k. 
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!
Hope for the best but still work as hard as we can.
heck
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.
This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. 
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.
How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!
Do your own research. It’s not my job to educate you.
">The Charisma Myth"" It's bullshit too."
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS
I was just about to comment this. She might be a wonderful human being, but I have suspicions. 
That game was great. THOT, be gone...
No room. Get lost. I cc u!
what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.
Please no.
Calm down.
We have had luck with a ok to wake clock for quiet time! May be worth a shot.
Lol, what?
This is why I worry about you sometimes
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.
That’s what I ended up doing lol
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]
Good luck! The life ahead of you holds 1000% more promise than the one you are leaving behind. They caused this ... not you.
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing
Orange fan sad. :(
Cute, super cute 
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.
Besides the fact that's it's funny she also looks like me witch makes it .5% funnier
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.
One time a lady got mad at me because her White Zinfandel was.......pink
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.
I feel awful posting it, but I couldn’t not share :|
I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.
I adore Brutus and Pixie!!
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.
the fuck is wrong with this guy
Thanks I got sorted here anyway.
Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles
Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!
His eyebrows are too precious
Yeah that happened to me twice a month for years with an ex. Maybe someday we’ll do it 😅
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots
Be safe.
yeah but we really don’t want to be like them. it is an example of failed communism turned militaristic authoritarianism
Would love to see them both in the same side
This is so wildly specific I love it
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..
Those pearls are the worst, ugh.
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.
So sorry for taking forever. Do you have an Apple device? I have given up on converting to google sheets.
Oh! Thank you!
Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.
I hate betting unders.
Thank you. I needed to hear all of this. I appreciate it.
> 82 percent of black voters trusting [NAME] and two percent trusting [NAME] Seems kinda high for [NAME] lol
You're correct.
This is his worst season since his rookie year
I secretly hoped we would lose by like 70.. 35 is not enough
I’m so jealous
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600
You guys are heading toward healing, that's amazing.. Is it possible that you are wishes on true healing 
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.
What a thoughtful and clever response. I've never seen anyone point out that someone posts in TD before. Very cool!
Cool thanks, posted on there just now! I'm not a super big reddit user so I'm glad that you are telling me all this haha.
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. 
Weird flex but ok
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley
burn the witch!
Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it
Best comment ever
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down
nice try buddy
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really
"Three words, no subtlety. ""Dude. Stop. Seriously."" "
To be fair he probably is saying that.
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage. 
Don't self-diagnose. Talk to a medical professional and check for known diseases that may cause depression (hashimoto's comes to mind).
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!
they both rugged, worn, and wrinkled, like fine leather !
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.
Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.
In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. 
Thanks man, hope the holidays were good to you and yours. 
Could be tripping or having an orgasm from dry humping, but it's pretty clear that they aren't full on having sex
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.
thanks for the link, tested here too as INTJ
This reminds me of the wallpaper someone posted here a while back, great pic OP!
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1
I feel fantastic
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.
Excellent projection. 9.5/10.
I might be able to help. A/S/L?
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.
I am from central pennsylvania and moved to AZ. Phoenix definitely has the nicest expressways in the country.
That’s nuts about the digging. I wish we had better dog boots that fit them more naturally than what we have.
Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling
I am so so happy for you. <3
Nice pen.
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling
Just found out. Thanks for the tip.
I hope you aren’t saying that there is no co-relation between imperialism/colonialism and standards of living in the West, in this case Britain.
Yep, they’re women’s shoes!!
I had a friend from Palestine who became atheist. I don’t know how many atheists in Palestine there are but I wish there were more!!
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!
Hopefully the Chouteau Greenway ends up narrowing Market street back to its original width.
Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much
DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH
This is a terrible idea
Thanks [NAME].
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.
Thanks now I’m insecure again
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!
Aha! Thank you for that.
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.
Have a good day at work bud
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????
Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8
just fed up of reading subjective opinions be paraded as fact that he was the worse ever.
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.
Yes! I used to do this all the time actually, especially go to the mall alone. It was actually really nice.
He is the main character. They are gonna have him in every episode somehow lol
I honestly can’t keep a secret but I think that’s because I’m a Chatty [NAME], not because of my gender. 
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.
i really hope this is old and ironic
Aww thanks :)
I must go, my people need me
Incredible work and very unique, good for you
Best description of online dating ever
I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)
Love this! Love you! Thanks for sharing!
Oh, I saw it. I was giving him the benefit of the doubt to see if he wound up saying the quiet part out loud.
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.
I’m not sure this was a while ago. No major injuries were sustained so probs not.
The best meme
Stadium remains the best dlc map of all time
Lots of us in Texas. Dallas is a nice mix of moderate conservatives, libertarians, and moderate liberals. I like it here.
Oh cool it’s another episode where lefties forget about consent
This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.
YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.
Praying for you to find peace soon, man. 
His mom was a handsome woman!
Yeah, she's reasonable on some issues for sure, but the problem is that there isn't more like her
No,not a fan of cigarettes
Thank you for the kind words :)
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.
Love it. Be well [NAME]
I'm looking at that scene like a tribute to TWAU2's demise
Pretty sure that had been upped to at least 10k subs. It actually might even be higher now.
I like the pig because shes stealthy
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating. 
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.
[NAME] is the prettiest person on This Show
She’s like a kewpie doll with them. Precious.
Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.
I hope the Rams take it all cause of that. Would love to see [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] win the super bowl again!
Lol I do the same. Sometimes it gets stuck in my head for days.
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury
The EU delusion:why a utopian project was always doomed to failure.
Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?
bruh literally same
This is one of my favorite threads ever.
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming 
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot
This one is cute
It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.
I do go to the school counselor once a week. Thank you for the suggestions
I love those moments
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.
This hurts to watch
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!
What a legend.
Dang ol Mega-Low mart on frye!
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. "
That's pretty funny imo
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.
This is horrible
I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.
I was fine until I got to the ICU.
Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.
I couldn’t agree with you more!
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.
Do your worst. The tag just describes your views. Could have been much more vicious.
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back
Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online. 
The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00
In 10 years, she’s still be a loser.
That's not what diffusion is at all smh
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.
I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol
My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub
No, it makes it better.
Man it's so cringy. Can't I like Classic Rock AND hip-hop? smh btw he forgot the beatles, just sayin...
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard
Good luck!
thank you for your consideration but i like both
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted. 
I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!
It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.
Such a lovely username for such a nice guy
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?
Oh got it
This is why I could never work in construction
Lets see if [NAME] cares about playing hard in [NAME] return to LA. I think we can win if our players actually play hard and care.
That's a good idea! Unfortunately don't have a vehicle big enough, so I'll have to hire someone with a truck.
Two year old account with all posts deleted. This is an interesting way to use a shill account.
Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.
> lack of diversity in the cast now that's a new one lmao
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.
We will pray for your conversion and for those who misspoke for the church. Keep at it. The fact that you’re here means something wonderful.
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol
I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.
"""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"""
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince
Hmm ok, ya this is pretty aweso...uhhhh nvm.
BITCH HER PROMO EVEN DID SCREAMS LIKE A WINNER!!!!
Oh hahaha, is it a reputable vendor?
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend
Looks just like the snow we've been getting in Halifax recently! (Canada)
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.
you should definitely negotiate and ask. you have nothing to lose by asking. good luck!
Nice play! But, why would u play [NAME], in tribute?
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.
Anywhere skytrain wants to expand my tax paying dollars will be ok with it.
Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again
I'd be able to give you more helpful advice if you could be a little more clear with your situation and what you're asking.
I know but for that one moment he was more than that guy who snuck in [NAME] room at night and wore his helmet
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.
Yeah, that’s probably what he was trying to say
You're analogies are terrible and prove the opposite of what you were arguing, numb skull 😂
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.
That’s what I thought. With 4 out of the 9 still on the show, I just can’t call it accurate at all.
The only sub that’s really bad now is the GKS the others are fine actually.
I interview applicants and respect people that ask about work life balance and harassment policy... are applicants afraid of asking these questions?
It's a bit of a saying from [NAME]. What I like to also say is love the person, hate the behaviour
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.
This aged poorly
Yeah, it’s interesting how I’ve had conversations on the overground but not the underground. 
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.
Not this sub’s fault the ((([NAME]))) is full of idiots
Happy New Year.
obviously, its just a stupid question
lmao okay dude
Most of the people on top aren't even very relevant anymore, at least not nearly as relevant as they used to be
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.
You are right. Totally my bad.
He can't rescind. What a dumbass
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment. 
This is a beautiful reply with advice that is spot on.
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. ""YES"" = yes you need a degree."
Have a lovely day.
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.
She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.
As you wish the hard path is a good one :)
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.
on the subject of meltdowns, stay calm yourself and try your best not to escalate them.
that's awesome!
Is this furry_irls equivalent of a tik tok? And I hope more people join in on this I want to see EVERYBODYS sonas and ocs together!
Not cool Op...not cool...
Oh bless your heart. I found this so funny. Goodness.
This is the same woman who fought tooth and nail to have wrongful convictions upheld while she was a prosecutor; she craves tyranny.
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight
Lol shit yeah.
A news source putting out sponsored news is inappropriate. Stop reading BBC i guess
Ah fuck.
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?
Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice
Thanks. I appreciate the candor. I also agree with what you’re saying.
I love that show, that theme song is my ringtone, I never thought I'd see that anywhere else haha
"I do enjoy how insignificant the belltower looks in its surroundings nowadays. Still a waste of money. Thanks [NAME] of ""Wes-tern Australia""."
Yes! Im glad you see where he got that n-word take from 😂😂
I am trying so hard right now! LOL!
it's ok to need an equal partner
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress
Well no dur
You didn't come here to debate. You came here to excuse abhorrent behavior.
I discussed this shop with my cop buddy, he also trusts it. Thanks!
I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.
I enjoyed [NAME] intermission report where he was very low energy until the end when he squeaked out a HI MOM =D because he's the best
very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…
We just got paper straws and we have to ask everyone if they want one first. it's anoying.
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. 
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.
You're gullible enough to believe them.
WYA? I'll come through.
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck! 
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.
I love this!! And it’s so true
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.
I would choose to go in the coolest way possible. Don’t know what that would be but I would want my last moments to be memorable.
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.
yes, very sexist
Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.
So Much Feeling in One Picture , Great Love It :)
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb
This is disgusting.
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
im sure it's a real slap in the face
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.
Well that was disheartening.
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.
"More like ""thank you sir may I have another"""
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them
Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow
[NAME] just keeps hopping backwards and forwards in time with no repercussions?
Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.
Lmao, I have actually seen this happen at a [NAME] gig, so yeah, probably true.
The funny part about it our club has the hide to tell us eels fans that it was the game of the year. 🤣
Oh ok, so we're agreeing. I didn't see that last part where you put him at 22. My bad. :-)
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.
Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.
Valid. I think we mentioned in the Discord that exact point the other day.
I for one am with you on this train. I loved [NAME] man but this sub is losing its damn mind lol
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great
"[NAME] is like ""Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"""
Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.
Ssssssh, don't tell them. It's a natural way to filter the gene pool from stupid people. 
THANK YOU ROY! i was just about to say, how are they just discovering [NAME] being british.
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck
Wow the delusion here is breathtaking.
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*
Glad to hear this. Thank you.
Go off [NAME] This season has been a roller coaster but this guy is the best thing we've had in a while. He's so damn good
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks
Chasing thoughts and storing tension in your hands is how you distract yourself from feeling social tension and empathy. You need to allow yourself to feel these feelings.
Sucks that [NAME] was a straight positive in important minutes and hasn’t seen the floor since..
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.
“Bahahaha” Isn’t that a quote from the Raving Rabbids?
Tailoring is a god send and honestly not all that expensive, typically.
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. 
That's the kind of problem a physical therapist is more qualified to handle. Good luck
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them
Not funny....
r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew
Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*
Sage advice. Just noticed your reply now! Thank you.
Ah yes of course, how could I have been such a Horseshoe crab!
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.
Spice Burger. Delicious!
Im sure shell last 5 min
No thank you.
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT
You look so happy now 😍 Hope you are doing well and that you get everything good you deserve. ❤️
Great company. I added it. Let me know if you have any
Good. The US is behaving shamefully, the least Canada can do is to try and pick up a little of the slack. 
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!
This, great soundtrack to
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings 
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.
Holy crap! I want to hear this story!
>I think this is the same for most people. Exactly.
Awesome!!!
No TV Party for you 👎
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME]. 
I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter 
Kids in Africa could have eaten those cigarettes.. :( Kidding. Good for you man. Congrats!
I tell them my wife died in a car accident 10 years ago and I couldn’t fall in love again. I’ve never been married.
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.
They gave me free Subnautica which is an incredibly wonderful game so I'm pretty darn happy. And it's not exclusive.
Id gladly exchange firsts with the Suns
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.
Hello. I’m sorry you’re going through that. Why do you think it’s impossible to leave?
This is great, thank you
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.
lonzo can be special but teams just aren’t as patient anymore
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.
Thats great :) just dont shy away and embrace that you will go down a unique journey.
Brilliant movie.
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!
You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.
Feeling bit better now, but the feeling as a whole will come back I know.
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much
I love snow! It means snow days!
I used to fantasize about my morning oatmeal. One packet of instant oatmeal. [NAME] dreamed about it.
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up
I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.
It's a great article. She nailed it.
That looks disgusting.
I lol'd bigly an atempted to reverse your downdoots
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** The_Fuzz_damn_you! ^(hug)
I love bang
That is SO cool
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes
Thanks! Having a look.
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors
This is actually awesome.
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to
And the amount of crops we eat is destroying river systems and forests. Not to mention the animals killed inadvertently during harvest.
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny
Bedside Rounds (which that user puts out) is also a very interesting podcast on medical history.
SHUT THAT SOFT ASS SHIT UP
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.
Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? 
lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone
I completely agree! It's cold at first but makes you feel so alive and invigorated by it too. It's a total shock to the system.
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.
LOL men don't have feelings ;)
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!
I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.
this video makes me sad
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha
I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.
thank you so much. i needed this.
I see lotsa [NAME] I’m proud
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)
asking for a source is good lol
Careful, now. Suggesting this kind of dialogue at Google is what got [NAME] fired.
Technology is amazing. Now we can SEE how new plagues start. Just incredible.
It’s always about sentience. We already generally restrict abortions about the time fetuses are believed to start feeling pain.
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.
Fair to say I won't have to pay pipebomb 10ETH. Happy New year, all!
Use a damn rubber
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.
I love how defeatist we've all become.
But even then it would need something else to live
Didn’t realize they lost it. Loved their Cooperstown collection figures.
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters
This actually happened but no one clapped
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency 
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.
And now, I would imagine it's impossible to own a Maserati without people constantly asking you if it goes 185.
At least the crack makes it look cool eh. Happy new year :)
Volunteer. Helping people in need will make you feel better about both yourself and others.
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/
Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks
Love this show :)
lol I hope no-one bothers to answer you in earnest honesty because you are so childish it'll just wash right over your ears.
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**
nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks
I get you...
Thanks for pointing them out, it's hard to see through my tears 😢
I can only download games using SteamCMD at work at the moment, so yeah, glad I could buy it before the shutdown
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.
He's not alt-right. He's just the normal clutch pearling conservative. He's like an annoying villain from an 80s movie.
But it doesn't matter. You probably have different taste in music than me but it's fine because that's how you feel.
Oh nice. Let's me try this. Thanks for sharing
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!
Day 7 is tough... Not as tough as day 15 but tough
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. 
This entertained me far more than it should have. If I had gold to give...
I second this. All signs point towards him biding his time until the next election and hopefully solidifying his place to expunge the filth.
Which is a huge shame since it took place at Wrestle Kingdom. Hoping he has a great reign filled with good matches.
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will ""dunk"" them in the first round"
Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth. 
"i enjoyed this a lot. i especially enjoyed ""Everybody bleeds a little when they brush their teeth """
The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!
Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!
we are scared on /r/bengals rn
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes
It's on sight between them.
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?
Really hoping this is a smokescreen and we just go BPA then take Fromm next year
Yeah maybe they'll finally get a shred of evidence in another two years haha
It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us
Sorry. I read that as newly white and it cracked me up.
it's a damn shame.
Sucks to suck Ratbirds
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.
Well no matter what her bio says, if you are ugly, you are done for. 
I’m not sure why I just laughed so hard at this. It’s not but it’s funny!
I'm a PR and I've been lucky enough to have millions in capital and that is ALL the statue states.
Where'd you go tough guy? You were talking so big before. Way to downvote and move on punk.
It's actually pretty fun, or it would be if it would run properly...
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.
oh, me too, actually.
Chuckled. Upvote!
I’m picking up my fourth one tomorrow. CZ Scorpion Evo 3 .... and I’m stoked
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂
Grammar jokes be* my favourite
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.
So he gave something different? It will be fine
Oh... welp. 😑
Thanks I needed that.
Cool. I wish I could come to anarchopulco this year. Have fun.
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out
How do you get locked up by [NAME] lol
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.
Not a chance on this
Love the fact that the security guard or whatever he was made him roll down the passenger window instead of walking around to the drivers side, lol.
im sure he started that line with his own hard earned money
Don't give yourself so freely to people who don't value you.
Cool! Well I look dumb but I learned something
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...
Lol “this is my opinion and it is very true.” You said opinion, didn’t you?
Yep [NAME] and BIG for the next two seasons will be so fun to watch
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. 
Eh. I say it's accurate.
She’s a genius! And a goddess. And a queen.
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!
That does help a bit, thanks.
Wow, that's so clever!
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me
This isn't a meme its a cry for help
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!
She’s my girl crush
Lakers truly have the worst fans
Edgy bro.
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion
You're a [NAME], wizard.
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on 
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.
Thanks man! You rule.
Oh god yes. Top quality cringe. Thank you for sharing
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem
Have fun!
He probably just doesn't want to hurt the ex's feelings. But if you're concerned, ask him yourself if things are only okay
Hugs to you It will get better
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.
I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.
That's a pretty bad example ngl lol
It’s cool lol, no hard feelings
Dude is hilarious
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]
Thanks [NAME]. wait a minute...
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. 
I always hope that a woman will ask me out...next time it happens will be the first.
180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.
That was easily the best one. The lyric ended, but somehow he just kept going. 
Shame on you
I fucking love this
Yes of course and I catch a lot of it. I just didn’t realize this was about that!
#I am relaxed
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home
Welcome to the depressed group
The bonus video you linked is absolutely adorable!
One can only hope
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:
Thank you so much❤️
Thanks! I appreciate the kind words :)
Good advice right here and good things to think about.
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.
Starting field position does not affect dvoa
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
Voter fraud is way too easy to pull off, I know from experience 
"Lol thanks, yeah you need to ""legitimize"" the being hacked part and build from there. "
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.
Wow you’re cool
youve never played against a good support [NAME] then
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.
Dude I love these
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!
I miss when prequel memes was ironic
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?
You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.
Oh believe me, we’d love that too
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter
Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous
Thank you sis!
That's a great point that I never thought of before... possibly nobody has!
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!
OMG this sub is gonna be my saving grace for the rest of the year. Thank you so much!!
"""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""
Ayyy! Thanks for finishing it up. Glad someone did. LOL @ your username 😂😂
But you'll downvote and complain but not provide any reasoning for your complaints? You sound like a child. Grow up.
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though. 
That sentence should be illegal.
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!
Yep, unprepared for first period, forgot my pants while wandering around the school, etc. Been teaching 5 years and I still get these dreams
Good work, friend. 
From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.
Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.
Hahaha well good! Let me know if you have any questions or anything
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.
that was absolutely beautiful
So cute!
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
Very good to know! Thanks!
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.
Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.
It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.
No, thankfully. 
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.
Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.
Suffer? I’d say that’s an interesting word to use. Hopefully they are replaced by automation.
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope
I like Brown Sugar
Just eat your goddamn vegetables, [NAME]!
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals
I need a woman like this in my life
Thank you for that statement.
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo
You got the kindest heart
it’s amazing how he is already just about my favourite skater ever.
It'll be the first game of the day!
Lost his legs, what an idiot.
At least things are looking up with the next generation. That optimism sits in stark contrast to this news.
So many inaccuracies here.....
Absolutely you are doing the right thing. She will not take this decision lightly. So be prepared for the fallout now.
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.
true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.
> How TF did you get to FETISH that quickly? Welcome to the internet. Enjoy your stay.
Love me some FA cup
It sure is! Thank you!!
There's those people that compliment me all the time and you can tell it's so forced and fake and I honestly dont know what to say
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
I’m glad to see [NAME] finally get the big screen presence they deserve.
Fake lous!
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
I guess that depends on the department. If you've racked up a ton of vacay time, it's possible for some cops to smoke weed lol.
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends
I read that whole thing, so damn funny. But seriously, all those guys need to be sterilized.
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
Really I like the new fatalities
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.
I meant from when I was a kid and teen. Sorry.
I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.
what a cute outfit omg
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(
You honestly think a law did away with straw purchases? Stop lying.
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?
Oh [NAME] you idiot
Describe in single words only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.
I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!
You're gross
Snuggling with my boyfriend
Shaun Of The Dead is way more comedy than horror, good laughs.
I don’t think high fees is something they like... but the rest I totally agree with you!
A derogatory term.
Wow that is one part disgusting and another part a huge waste of time for expecting an entertaining payoff. Warning, this video also includes spoilers for the latest Avengers.
Thank u!!! Im gonna try this one bless u
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.
love that guy
"Even [NAME] has said ""I'm happy *for you*"" to pregnant women he's known."
12 players had points! Everyone except [NAME] had a shot on goal!
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.
Once we win week 1 next season this sub will turn around lol
That’s my favorite aquarium! Wish I saw that though lol
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking
Mother’s Day is the worst.
Hahaha yes, exactly!
Please keep going, this is just making you look worse
Yeah but good luck proving it in court
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want ""real"" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. "
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.
I really applaud you for your patience...
Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often
Time to let the justice system run its course.
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. 
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them
442 is how many goals we're scoring today
Completely disgusting.
good to hear my man!
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?
Wow. In real time we have it in action. You lack any degree of self awareness.
Off topic your username is awesome.
Well I get annoyed when they dont, because I'm always the one to answer within 30 seconds.
I'm glad you liked it :D
Nice picture, hope we keep him!
Definitely.... I wake up at like 3am work at 6am... I hate morning people though LMAO
It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.
You can't just make bold claims like that and provide no evidence.
So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open. 
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.
You are the smiley face killer
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol
What a legend.
Cray to the crazy
Always remember that when problems get hardcore, Pornshit will be there to Worst them.
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.
Wow thank you so much for this response. I wrote down everything and will try and do it all.
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.
Agreed, those who are waiting for their life-changing amounts to buy a home for their families just have to wait.. they are so selfish
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.
Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies. 
His interviews are so awkward
She really does and She really isn't! She's an old, tired ass, busted up, con artist hoe!
I actually really liked that you added in your personal interests. I like Korean boy bands too.
