"Really love the ""Midtown Yards"" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. "
You came to the wrong neighborhood bud lololol.
"New word for me: tetch·y /ˈteCHē/ adjective bad-tempered and irritable. ""she had always been tetchy and impatient with him"""
Wonderful, [NAME] can just go ahead and quit politics right now then. (ref)
Pretty sure it was a joke bud
Cause as soon as he locked in execution he used the auto typing function immediately celebrating. Gets punished by karma and im the one down voted. Sure
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.
Then you'll be arrested, play stupid games win stupid prizes.
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way. 
Don't do #4 it's bullshit
The Dime on Commercial has cheap eats (but expensive drinks) and usually has a good crowd. A bit small but very lively.
Lol, get em Corsi! 
Aaaaaand they turned it off. Terrible roads everywhere.
Oh man, sorry to hear you’re feeling so alone. I’m feeling the same right now. 
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl
"This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that ""generic"" candidates don't exist"
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful
He looks like a Spanish Solly March, so I’ll assume he’s as average as Solly is. 
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!
[NAME] screaming that to [NAME] was so funny to me
I think it's your choice that determines it
I hope ish isn’t like [NAME] and is forever affected by this injury
Meh, I still rock my Burns jersey with pride. 
I don’t remember [NAME] saying that tbh
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned
ahhh yes, that post from 2 years ago with 39 upvotes, remember it like it was yesterday. 
women dont seem to think so.
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...
2. I hate to say it but it’s the same thing I do and I hate myself for it
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot
I think it's pretty obvious given the significance of how relabeling sugars has been handled.
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], ""I how how you can throw down"" HAHAHA!!! "
Screaming at this reply
True. I'm just glad I didn't have to go through my high school years we the her...
OMG this is gaming history in the making. Lol I can't w8!
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.
Thankyou so much
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit. 
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.
When I see a Lynx, even if far away, oh trust me I'll go to that cat and focus only him before anything else
I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.
People actually cancelled their subscriptions because they didn't endorse him. These same people call others 'snowflakes'. lol
Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about
The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.
Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.
What a load of old shite.
She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!
Just added that information. Thanks
I hate Twitter
It'd be a real shame if someone killed it and stole its soul.
That’s is 100% the noise. Perfect!
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. 
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha
When you feel nervousness, tell yourself it's just excitement. Makes a world of difference. :)
All the time, you just sort of accept it round here. Butt-hurt mombies and bitter regretful daddicts are what I usually chalk it up to.
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.
At least the ice didnt break
Someone has already written [NAME] is the Aus Open winner on her wikipedia page. Haha
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.
you're welcome!
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!
Could be worse, could be funky town
You know better. People will just ignore this and move on to their next talking point.
I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .
[NAME] as if he wouldn't just cut the bullet in half
I had that thought as well.
If Gold state can make it work with 4 all stars we damn sure can with two players
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.
You're an uneducated twat.
Congratulatioins!
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.
The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...
No now a days they’re regularly updated to reflect the current stats and rosters. This commercial would have been great for The Show 17.
Agree. I did enjoy Godless but I was addicted to The Terror. It was full of such amazing character actors.
Oh! That explains why your teeth look like they’re covered by something haha
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]
Still seems to exist. I'll check it out. Thanks!
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.
Cool have fun
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!
Especially funnier whens its commented on a song from like 2004.
You can't compare general economic losses to tax funded expenditures. It would only be fair if we lost 5 billion in tax revenue.
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.
Nice! I missed the Babybel.
Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid
It's great.
Well damn.
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark 
That'd be a funnier picture if it was just a picture of the floor with nothing on it
No wonder crime is going up if these morons are in charge.
the excitement when they all first come in always makes me happy
Mother of [NAME]... Im not grossed out very easily. I can stomach just about anything. But this made my fucking skin crawl....
The cutest.
As a household we deal with it by respecting each other's choices and opinions.
Fucking monophanie looking ass floating with the dead, nice.
Love these guys and love this skit
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! ""Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."" End of conversation."
This is why you always get a prenup. You never know if, during your marriage, you might become the wealthiest person in the world.
Oh no, her eyebrows
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite
She had the glory of being a virgin martyr. Eternal glory is hers.
Sorry I meant the participants
I have a cold too 😿. Hope you feel better!
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. 
Dude I spit after this comment. I haven’t laughed like that in awhile.
I got mine at 21. The ex wife would have had me snore instead of wear it for years.
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.
You're back but you're still broken.
I had so many bad Supercuts haircuts that I cringe when I look at the place and go to a fancy schmancy salon exclusively.
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks 
I kind of want this win for [NAME] but I still hope we lose out hereafter
This has been well used. Thank you for your service Sir.
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.
I want [NAME] to bite me
Waiting must be really boring
Honestly, it's a part of goth style to look unnatural/alien/ethereal. 
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?
I actually choose to teach an extra class so I can avoid lunch duty. I hate it.
Not even in The Twelve Days of Christine? She was amazing in that.
Yeah I think you understood my issue then
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.
Personally, I thank the half hour that wake up thread existed for this W
He said great investment definitely not lost is this sub going to get back on track. Just because a post is bad doesn't mean they're lost.
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.
I am out, it is a beautiful day and the air is crisp and refreshing.
That was so fun!! 😂😂😂👌👌👌🤲🤲🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥🔥😎😎
Me, because I'm a narcissistic bastard.
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....
I cant even deal with this you are fighting with someone over your inability to understand a sooooooooooooooooo is sarcasm. Get some help
Before the ~~Empire~~ MousePire. ooo ooo Mouse Pyre ! lol
"Couldn't really fit this as a ""how to,"" does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: "
Plot twist, they're all looking at a mirror because everyone there is a beautiful student
) /sorry, the Excel formula part of my brain was driving me insane.
100% this is enough to make me want to watch
Okay that makes more sense to me. Thank you
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.
HAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAa no
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona
We can’t stand for this any longer!
Another bad essay by me, sorry for butchering anarchism, anti-ableism and anti-psychiatry but I hope I got the point across :p
I Like [NAME]
Good luck don’t get discouraged you can do it!!!
Unfortunately not. 😏
Shut up, Mag!
Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.
Yea it's pretty fantastic. I got lucky that despite being fairly TBM she enjoys passionate, frequent sex.
Thank you for providing an unbiased & sensible opinion.
I love flying out of Midway because I feel like I have never waited more than 10 minutes for security. I love the lines at Midway.
"I'm no [NAME] but I do use their saying, ""Hate the sin and not the sinner."" Do your very best and keep going. 🍍✌"
Damn I've only seen kittens snuggle like that that's adorable
"""Feed the wars and fuck the poors"" is pretty much their policy."
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....
Watching this makes me angry.
This is more what I was looking for, that’s how I figured it’d feel but I’m not super eager to find out 
You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain
I love [NAME]
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high"""
That's interesting, thank you. I'll mention it to the psych when I see them next.
[NAME] is a fantastic player, but would he be a regular starter over at Juve? He needs to stay at Arsenal.
Really disappointed it's not even coming digitally on Vita outside of Japan.
Can you fucking not
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.
Go to about the 13 minute mark. It gets better for her.
I love you both
They'd probably just use it to buy up armies and navies for tyrants who oppress and reign with blood and horror or some shit.
Unless they’re narcissistic. Then gray rock the hell out of them and good luck!
I miss [NAME] butt.
Worst deal on the leafs right now easily
I'm not telling them, I was just saying that the person who knew them irl said they were a she. That is all
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
Happy anniversary!! ❤
I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!
As a PPD mommy myself, you're my [NAME]! Thanks for this... Thank you for reminding me how amazing us mommies truly are!!
Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.
Andromeda is that type of game that has extreme potential in becoming a great game, but it botched it in all the little things.
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back
Good on ya my man. I too am excited for some game time this weekend. TGIF
I'm not sure what you mean by 18th century family here but otherwise thanks.
TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.
I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)
this is great TV. I want to see her do this on Legends
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus
This sounds like a great idea!
Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.
You really really summed that up. Perfectly actually.
>a Thursday night rampage that killed the 22-year-old officer and shot up a surrounding downtown neighborhood. Not exactly a constitutional standoff with the government
I'm so jealous!
I agree. The funny part *is* the funny part.
My first thought was how bloody your hands are when your downed, You turned Blood and Gore off. Good man 
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it
Most of us think it’s just a conditioning thing right now, but we don’t really know
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.
Not much? Oh honey, it's everything! You two are beautiful! Congratulations!
Purdue's worst loss is Notre Dame (93 Kenpom) New Mexico is 187 in Kenpom. Good try tho
At least he tried
In what fucking world is this drawing not bad
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too
Dark and funny, but not really nice guy. He has yet to call the dead girls whores for declining to sleep with him. 
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.
"Gotta love the ""its a metaphor"" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"
2016 was also the worst year of my life
Yeah, sorry I don't know British or Canadian.
Thanks, [NAME]
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.
That's true deep voices are sexy.
Congratulations! We're all rooting for you! 💕📚
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry
stop hurting my feelings
Not claming [NAME] would make [NAME] look more stupid lol. If someone claimed [NAME] we'd be over the moon about getting that contract off our team for next year.
what lmao get a grip dude
Rethink your body! With type 2 diabetes, you can loose your lower limbs thanks to peripheral artery disease!
It's an... Interesting place. You seen that boy shoofta that posts on it? He ain't right.
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough. 
30 you illiterate fuck
You choose a bad time, no one is fessing up anything during an election.
Great work hentaipoon!
What is love
Holy shit I was so anxious reading this. I’m so sorry
"That's what I said! I'm like ""I wonder how he kept that much of the profits?!"""
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out
Agreed. I'm happy he was able to find a resolution of sorts; to effectively overcome the event.
Good. Thanks everyone but finnaly some reading material. Many thanks
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME
I know and that made me sad!
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!
Have a nice day sport.
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up
Don't be an asshole
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].
I’ve never cringed so hard
It shouldn’t say that, because it is not single payer 
Enjoy the ahuahuasca
So it’s somehow weird or different to make a child/student pick up their (there) own mess as part of the lesson?
Can't stand people who spam their terrible youtube channels
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that
Sorry buddy I think that one is permanently dead. :(
It serves as quite a lesson to anyone, don't you think?
that was an awful open shot....
Nah I’m good. I like my parents and their food.
This artwork is amazing! Only thing that bothers me a bit, is that [NAME] is wearing something that looks like Korean traditional wear as opposed to a kimono
Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden
I hate to say it but....... I quite like this as a format - the burger and fries look shocking though.
My ego is pretty ok. My fun-o-meter is a little off and needs calibration probably, though.
Haha oops **amiodarone. This is why we need safety checks for drug orders. ;)
Delete this. Not relevant.
Article is good. Not sure how it relates to “carve outs” for law enforcement.
Wow! Congrats! I am really proud of you. Hopefully you feel better soon. What an awesome momma ♥️
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
Congratulations on your sobriety! A years worth of sobriety might be why the rum is gone 😉 I appreciate the suggestion.
I was in the hospital two years ago and definitely had His help! My family saw some signs. It was very amazing.
I don't know what she is talking about. Therefore i will say that she is DEFINITELY WRONG AND SHOULD SHUT UP! /s
you're a true hero
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.
Aw look at her little coat
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.
Nice one comrade
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.
Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.
Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.
Rats. Thanks anyway! Go Tartans
He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.
Lol that reaction was golden
Wow talk about strength!
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming
He got It from his moma
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.
Another picture of [NAME] please thanks
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though
I like your sleeves... they’re real big
So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.
I remember saying [NAME] messed up the timeline worse than [NAME] over a year ago
I resonate with this so strongly. Thank you for putting this feeling into words so succinctly.
No offense but...she's not pretty either so I'm confused why she'd say that car is only for ugly women.
I'm totally cool with that too, whats the PSN?
No its an edited one by someone on this sub, I can't find it though. 
It's not cancer edit: It still sucks guys, I get it. I'm just specifying it's not cancer because of the post above me.
And do they all follow her main account? See, she has fans, they just all happen to be her. Lol
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.
Then go fucking cry you weak minded piece of shit.
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.
Love when the run away joke always ends up with someone who isn’t funny ruining it
I appreciate this reference very much
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy. 
Probably fans of aftv. Bunch of utterly dirty cunts!
Oh ok cool so I don't feel bad at all about it then.
Wow, /r/noisygifs for real. First time I genuinely felt I could hear it.
Yet again; totally missing my point.
Really? Everything seems pretty in order to me
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.
Well, the bill was about 100+ per person. Must be amazing lunch there.
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.
Welcome to our world.
Another thank you, this is great info.
Well RES shows I'm responsible for +113 of that so...you're welcome lol.
Last year preseason was in December, but the season started in January. I expect pre-season to occur some time during the second half of this month.
Looks pretty dope.
I am so mad I haven’t thought of doing this. Just brilliant
Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.
I like him in Friends from College too!
I’m glad I’m not the only one.
:) this made me smile. I laughed so hard at the blinker fluid part. You and [NAME] are proof that not all heroes wear capes.
Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.
Happy Anniversary!
Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.
Lol so petty, I kinda love it. I probably wouldn’t actually do that but it’s tempting.
Opposites attract! I thought the same thing when he helped her cook Thanksgiving.
"Hey its you again. Dude can you please say ""N"" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly."
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again. 
Not the fact that it's a terrible comparison?
You’re very right, I’m relieved I was free of this man before anything else happened. Thank [NAME]! And thanks for your kind words 
[NAME] is a gold digger but she’s actually a pretty cool chick
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.
And best of all, it is giving a child a loving home.
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.
oh yes, we are.
What a loon
This is so damn cute, I love it!
Thanks for all the replies! Not much of a public speaker, but can manage...hopefully lol
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.
You can thank [NAME] for that. He wouldn't commit to taking [NAME]. He wanted to play for [NAME]. He shunned uncertainty, not the Jets.
In the 50s my aunt was 6 weeks old when a flu virus caused inflammation of the heart and she died. So there's that, too.
Rare? HAHAHAHAHAHA
cuteee
It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.
Yes! He’s back LOOCH!
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.
Good trade yesterday and happy with the front office, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand it’s gone 
*my fat normie slut*
Japan is awesome.
but think of how fun it would be!!
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.
Excellent game tonight, let's get a new win streak going on this road trip!
This is one of the best things I’ve read on Reddit Cheers to your perseverance
Get well soon good boye
This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.
“Cracking himself up” nearly made me throw up.
Oh we’re TANKING tanking
That is profoundly messed up.
It has its moments, that's for sure.
I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!
You fucked up. You trusted them.
"I love his reaction. ""That was amazing"""
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.
lol, thank u. i might just not be the smartest, always possible
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!
Thank you for your wisdom, [NAME]....
I love [NAME]. He's another great option for 6th man.
I agree with that, that's really the only reason I play pk too. Probably the reason my win rate for her is 40%
this is so unbelievably adorable
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.
Misread. I’m with you my dude.
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.
Just go to a doctor/dispensary or call them on the phone.
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in. 
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand. 
Thank you for explaining! I’m only 31 but now I feel old lol
I had no idea what the fuck this was about. Found the ad and watched it. It's actually decent.
I love [NAME]. But I’m not sure there is a single player in he nba who he can guard
CONGRATS! So happy for you. May life treat you kindly from now on.
I see, good one.
Your mental health matters the most. You can't help him more than you do, but you can help yourself. 
Yep, had to chase and kept honking. Driver eventually stopped.
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.
Well shit, time to talk to the wife. It appears she has two husbands.
YES PLEASE... I thought they did a while back but maybe not. Either way, they should! Very annoying.
will do, thanks
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.
Wooow! [NAME] hitting [NAME] with that question! Can’t wait to see that!
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.
I'm so sorry. That's awful.
Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.
With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.
It's crisp, no filler material. Interesting protagonists. Amazing music. Good way to spend 6 hours.
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!
It's one of my most hoped-for things. I think you should be able to approach a player and request a duel. It would be sick
I cried more here than in Star Wars.
You have mental problems dude. Get off the internet and get a life.
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.
It has no value, it's just a representative of it like all other money.
Congrats! Glad it went well for you!
Omg so glad I’m not alone
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points. 
Yeah, I am! I'll private message you a link to my profile. Thank you.
Yup, it all starts with [NAME]. He’s not the worst owner in the nfl, but he’s in the bottom half for sure. 
What's wrong with that? [NAME] scandal is funny but not something to focus on in 2020.
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.
Sent. And I'll check with the mods. Thanks.
lool ok I laughed pretty hard at this.
Hey man it's all good, I'm glad I can relate to someone as well!
I miss him on our pp
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!
I played on the Wii and used Windows XP computers up until 2011 lol. The feeling of the 90’s died in 2001 but the pop-culture remained.
Good luck!
He looked like he fell in love
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.
Looks like the nightingale armour from Sky rim still pretty cool tho
Not sure why you're being downvoted
Idk why anyone would think PMing abusive messages is above the law on reddit.
I’d rather have 50$ every time I see a variation of this prompt lol
hehe cheeky little guy
Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss
Good luck! It's a long road ahead for us :P i have a job interview next week and i'm going all in for it.
"I actually see this one a lot. ""Allergy: fire ants."" Me too, bro. Ants will fuck you up."
>Relax ms bi weeb who leans left haha... thanks i love it
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers
[NAME] alright dude
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?
Ohhh, thank you for enlightening me 😂😂
My empathy to you.
Maybe this will convince them we need mass transit! Haha.
Averaging 12-14 off the bench isn’t nothing
Seriously beautiful my man!! Is it on apple music? Really great song
This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.
Yeah I did think that was the case, thank you! So excited to see my new Capstan!
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. 
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.
"Was totally expecting this to end with ""and then the game crashed"" lol"
I bow to the mighty OP, this is perfect
No you basically throwing him under the bus by posting him here.... fake natty suspicion 100%
This person is the smartest person to play town of salem literally 999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001234567898765432345676543345678987654345678909876543234567898765432345678909876543234567898765432345678987654323456787654345676543456543456434543434343434323456765434567654323454323456543345678987654323456789876565656565656565656565656565454545654565454323456765432345678765456 IQ
To me the toenails is the grossest part! 🤮
You can't be serious
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(
It’s a [NAME], very fun guns to shoot. Nothing like a good old lever action sometimes!
they have died here in canada
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!
Awesome. Im pretty jelly rn, im on a t-break for a month. Hope you enjoy. Sending positive vibes brother!!
Because it was smh lol
This is the best creepy pasta I have **EVER** read.
No problem. Didn't mean to nitpick. Good luck with the exam!
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.
you're [NAME]
[NAME] done fucked up.
This is hilarious
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on
You are wrong.
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.
Real class A asshole there
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.
I know right! I was mad and then blamed myself cause he’s scared of thunder and there was a storm while I was gone.
Don't you understand, the people affected are [shuffles deck] able to get a 0% loan until the shutdown is over.
Dont worry guys, its all sanitary. He hit the wrench with some WD40 before he started.
Similarly, the Library of Congress is open and is absolutely beautiful. It's free and I highly recommend it even when the Smithsonian's aren't closed.
That’s a good way of putting it
Don't use autism as an excuse to be an asshole
Ha! Thanks for this.
Sounds fun to be around her....Jk:)
Weird, never had a problem
While we appreciate trying to help with the report function, next time either block them after or ignore them instead of getting into a fight. Thanks.
LMao what kinda stupid ass rule is that?
this is a GANGSTER-ASS revelation!!!!. thanks mr. [NAME]!
you got me [NAME]
Hey! Anyone have the DL on this MLM ? Would love some links to send a victim!!
Too bad it's the wrong kind of blows!!!
My dogs are obsessed with eating the cat poop from the litter box!! Really gross lol
Broke and jealous
I have been contemplating taking him to a TLM. You are awesome!
I DESERVE TO BE HEAD OF NATIONAL SECURITY BECAUSE I'M ADOPTED
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.
It's 57% upvoted, which pretty much means most people hate it. 
Just looked them and and found the perfect one for him thanks!
glad to see paleho's doing well
I live in a valley so it's effectively earlier than that for me.
Let's do this... 4 game win streak again!
Absolutely. That was an amazing set of games. Didn’t miss a beat
Thank you! I agree. We’ve decided to back off. No need in feeding into it. :-)
Legend! Cheers bro
B, I dont frink coffee anyways 
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!
Other dude is right, OP and [NAME] comment got me masturbating
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.
That didn't go the way I thought it would
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.
I'm going to hell for laughing.
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme
Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record. 
I regret looking at his posts.
The fact that big corporations that made their successes off capitalism are embracing Marxism is really disturbing.
Thank you. I really appreciate the help
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year
I made it! My DH went to bed at 10:00, so I kissed my dog at midnight. Happy New Year!!
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
If you google translate it means “nugget” which I find hilarious.
Not liking [NAME] is not statism. Removed.
Finally the UN gets off their ass and does something. So glad she’s finally safe (for now).
That's not what follows from that at all.
The World Between Worlds veered worryingly close to this territory. Luckily it was handled well.
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!
Let's wait for January patch, and hope that your problems will be resolved soon. I have too much fun in this game right now :) 
Yeah...I mean I love him! But he is to smart for his own good lol.
That's when you slow down and engage troll mode :))
Congratulations puppy, here have some cake.
This look is fab you can't call everything cringe just because it's eureka
I like how she dabs on the way down.
Awesome! I hope it helps you :)
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler
It feels weird to me cause im the type of person who always immediately texts back
you almost blew my fucking mind there.
OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!
Not surprising.
I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.
Crap. Well, it's still horribly high on Vancouver Island... Wonderful.
awesome thank u!!
This is a good change. I've heard too many sad stories on Tinder about this sort of thing, looking for a way out. 
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon
Ive done this to a couple of people. It makes me feel really pleased with myself. Just riding in circles around people.
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps
Lack of content, which led to shipping wars, which destroyed everybody’s minds, which created this.
Went on a date with someone whose 8 years older than me. She didn't realize I was only 20. Whoops.
Omg this is awesome. What a witch, I’m so glad they escorted her out. 
Second this. I have an anxiety disorder that has resulted in me never working a job, but my career is making YouTube videos self employed atm. 
I don’t like [NAME] all that much, but that dude seems cool. I hope it hits a goofy dark line like [NAME] or [NAME] tho.
A quartet of [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] and Ox would be lovely.
You have no idea how incredible they make me feel in every single way. It's not something I'm used to!!
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.
Great thanks! Just wanted to be prepared in case of OT or something
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed
"*""Wow""*"
Go for a walk with him. No phones allowed. Let him talk, share your experience. It hurts a little less every day.
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.
The two most talented receivers [NAME] had, [NAME] and [NAME], had their careers interrupted by injuries and nonsense.
Any more comments calling me SWERF for caring about sex workers will be blocked and reported I s2g
Also put icecream under the taco for a nice sundae suprise 👍
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here
Lol same here😖
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.
He's been great since his first snap as a [NAME]
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now. 
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.
thats life lol
Go in appropriate attire with several copies of your resume and list of references! Good luck!
Wow OP sounds like you're really skilled at opening your legs, you're parents should be proud of you, STI and all.
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it. 
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.
As a man I would be quite pleased to hear this
Ooooh, we got a badass over here!
That was beautiful.
It's an mi5 threat to Ireland. Funny how [NAME] may wants to amend GFA the next day
Not a chance, and I love it!
Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry. 
You have no idea how high I can fly.
He's a sexist piece of shit regardless so
I have no idea what your post means but I love your name and you are one of us
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha
Thank [NAME], good luck and hope you find the happiness you seek
You kind of look like [NAME]. Very cute.
Would love for us to go to [NAME] and give them Tammy for peanuts with a buyback
Thank you.
I actually feel assaulted by this video.
Stop spreading false hope!
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.
Fuck your opinion apparently
No. I've been bashing it for its very noticable issues that have plagued it for 3 years that the cw wont fix.
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh. 
This is so good! Thank you I love this way of thinking of it. That might be helpful to explain it to them.
His fingers have swelled with pride.
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.
We do? Strong disagree.
I used to get messages from neck fetishists a lot because I have a long neck lmao I didn't even realize that was a thing
The Republicans are worse though the NRA literally has to pressure Republican congressmen every time gun control gets brought up.
Lmao that [NAME] damn nic cage pillow
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!
Happy birthday [NAME]!
Sorry, should have searched for the artist's name. Karma Decay is a lot less reliable than I thought it was.
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
Ahh giving cc when no one asked for how nice of you.. /s
> no one wants to smell like a goat. HA! That's amazing. I love it.
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.
I feel personally attacked.
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.
 anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.
Haha I had to use an analogy that rang with the older generation as well as the connection it has to social media.
You sound upset.
That's how I apologize to carists, too
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.
Excellent location. When it’s finished it’ll be spectacular around there.
I like the dog better than you too.
I like how they roll
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....
That's awesome to hear. Now withdraw every dime from that website and never go back to it ever again.
It is pretty funny. Our wives cannot stand when we're all together because it's all we talk about lol
I'm enjoying the witty comments but anyone want to throw in some analysis?
Much more badass than the union suit.
Like I said, funny. 
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen
i believe this is [NAME] from [NAME] on instagram!! her owners are so sweet
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else
It’s all good man, I missed [NAME] too. I REALLY hope we get another dream sequence with him in EP4. 
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.
And then, in private, what do you think they jerk off to? Normal porn? Lmao.
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked. 
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better
This very thing got me diagnosed as ADD. I'm of the drugs now and feeling way much better.
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]
tailing... BOL!
I think we'll find out how apt this comparison is within the next few years.
Ha ha you're being down voted. Edit: Hey, you're being up voted! Congrats!
That tiny shoulder pad is freaking adorable.
"""okay honey, either this is gonna fix my back problems or we're calling 911"""
Why does he have the vault boy face lol
I'm sorry. On the plus side, your toilet joke made me laugh really hard. Lol. Thanks
I’m glad you had such a helpful person on the other end during a tough situation, those kinds of people are like angels❤️
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating! 
That's adorable!
It looks really pretty :D!
So glad I have a 20 minute walk to work up in the Bay Area.
I love [NAME] :)
The worst thing about this is, there is a good joke hiding deep down somewhere. Someone just used a jackhammer to retrieve it
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic
I was hoping - thank you.
Holiday getting abused as usual
Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.
I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...
I had corrected myself but I deleted the original post now for people like yourself who don’t read fully before you get enraged and comment.
EXACTLY. gimme some muscly arms and a little bit of a belly. I'd take that over a rock hard body any day of the week.
Thank you! Some of the phone pictures I see taken through telescopes are pretty cool, it is amazing to see how well that method works...sometimes...
It's been 2 hours since OP posted the comment, hope OP alright
Nothing wrong with striving. Forcibly making people is though.
>We must invade Brazil to protect the Amazon rainforest from the fascist [NAME] Retards on r/worldnews
Some graffiti can turn that really bad
Thank you [NAME] for helping us keep our wisdom!
That's true. People feel they can't trust anything so they just chose to believe what they want to believe.
Ah, I see you are a man of culture, as well.
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.
if the game would stop crashing on my ps4 that would be great :c
Thanks...One year in making, I hope it gets the love it deserve. 
Haha! Do it.
The conversion go muscle probably helped, considering the size of them. I'm super happy for you dude, you've done amazingly!
What the fuckkkkk burn itt
But it looks so cute
it’s happened before?! love my hometown of beautiful new ken 😂😂
Lol stfu really
Man I really need to get back into this show
When I harass women with innuendo and they politely deflect, they know I am right. At least that's what I told the judge. 
That guy face was soul crushing
Maybe? But his foot goes waaaay up lol. Maybe I'm just blowing smoke, idk much about good QB form
Starting?? BF4 is a lot of fun when you havent played in a while. Just faster and more immersive.
Even for an infidelity sub this is heavy. I hope you find peace somehow.
Hahaha damn.
I sure hope so...
Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone
Oh boy yeah
thanks a ton!
Thanks!! Been avoiding this but I literally am in that area for the Elk pelt so I better put my emotions in a case
"Yeah like ""oh yeah? No shit?"""
No, I'm saying they are equally critical.
Allowed to, sure. Just don't expect me to provide you lube. And don't complain to me when you start chafing.
Happy to hear this! Stay strong and continue fighting! We believe in you <3!
Nah, you did all right.
Irrational anger especially certain family members
It could be how depression is effecting you but i don't think it's crazy
The latter is correct.
Nah, that's ArmedForcesUpdate, always good for a laugh
Just called my mom and told her I love her, thank you reddit mom!
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.
She's so cute! Give her all the huggles
Central Business District. Its where main shops are located normally in very close vicinity.
Agreed, even better
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.
"For a second there I read the subreddit as ""furry and sad"". Pretty disappointed."
Might get in trouble with the mother for assuming she's single though. This has happened to me when using miss.
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out. 
I give 90 percent odds that [NAME] will be reelected. And I think it will be at a much higher margin than 2016.
Congrats dude!
WHEW that was quite a stretch lad. Gotta do some deep breathing to stretch that far.
I feel attacked
Hoping. Regardless, its true.
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)
OK name it. It will help. As for as merc is concerned, no worries reached tier one already
Well, to them that probably was the polite term! That's funny though lol
Same, nights are by far the hardest. My STBX and I are living together until June and it nights suck. 
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!
[NAME] what a piece of shit! How could you do that to an animal?!
That would be fantastic!!
AKA great!
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️
FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.
> Religion Lol the cowardice that you won't say '[RELIGION]'.
what a shame that online sellers have made malls obsolete
wow so almost every sub has grown a lot in 7 months. Also 8.3k!! what!? that's insane
Thanks for finding out! That's cool
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!
What the fuck Edit: YOOOO I SWEAR MY DOOKU JUST SAID ONE OF HIS EMOTES IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE
I recomend a Jasikevicius from Litva :) Sorry for English.
Nice job on those renders, they look great
That would...hurt
Me. I really needed to see this. ☹️
Sorry, I wish I was wrong, but Mathews is over rated
Thank god the league doesn't force teams to trade or transfer it's player.
I thought [NAME] the apostle was *fantastic.* Seeing those early [NAME] suffering like that really drove home what a baby I am.
There are no words to help heal your broken heart, but I’m sending you as much love and support I can. 
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.
That would be perfect! Wish I had that.
Thanks. Though tbh I think some 3D characters, [NAME] etc could fit in. Though they might be some unlockable characters hidden maybe. 
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll
I care. How are you today?
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got
thank you so much! :)
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.
She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.
I hate that. PC is way better for using the internet. I also hate how all the important features for the website missing on phone version.
Thanks!
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!
Damn that sucks did you get a tip at least?
A video was just released showing this altercation. Within Syria is rarely wrong.
Ugh I know it's wishful thinking but I'm praying to mayor [NAME] for a DC gov closure
This is the stupidest thing to get excited over (but I am)
You poor poor fellow
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.
Glad to see you guys are treating him well
Wow that's just like when I sing it
Sure, but he still died again a couple of years (decades?) later. So the copyright is still up.
I don’t believe any of that is true all hearsay no proof of any of that .
I like how the title contradicts the subreddit it’s posted on.
No steel toe boots either. Amateurs. If the owner made his cooks do this instead of proper contractors he deserves a workers comp claim.
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF
It isn't a bad thing if the population in question is low IQ.
^^ a better idea
"I agree. You can support a cop getting some pushback from a prole without supporting the one doing said ""pushback""."
If we were in the same city we could've hung out. Happy new year to you. You're not alone in being alone.
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.
the hate we get in here is palpable.
It's true though. He either gets no shirt and freezes to death or wears a stupid looking butchers cape. I hope he gets something better next season
Ah, yeah. That's the trouble with anywhere that isn't London/NYC, especially if you speak English.
Pudge was great
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more
Fascinating! Thanks for the info!
>Limes have autobreaking Ha! That's an amusing typo! You meant autobraking, I assume.
im glad to know that it's not that likely that I'll be sent immediately. thank you for the kind words :)
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger. 
“The weird thing is she’s got a tattoo of our company on her back...” lmfao
Two horrible cunts
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
Beautiful. Makes me wonder how the Persona 6 Velvet Room attendant will be like and how the dynamic with their siblings go...
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable 
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.
The dog has a very confused look on his face lol.
I dont own a gun. I just dont like your attitude. You read like a drugged out washed up leach.
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.
Amazing. Perfect ending.
Great show honestly
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿
Drive thru is the worst. The number of times people would sneeze in my face at the window was infuriating.
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. 
Not in Oregon anymore. They raised the legal age to buy smokes to 21, which, as a smoker, I think is a great idea.
That’s a pretty cool TIL
Wow that was really bad. But thanks for trying?
Haha .. In pakistan 47 is the normal temp during summer... Lol noob.. Gg ez
Indeed it does. I blame [NAME] and his love of sponsorships.
This is gross and sweet at the same time. Great parenting.
Had a buddy fly from BC to Ontario yesterday with an illegal ounce in a ziploc. No problems.
Indeed. And good on those that do so. I wish those I've heard complain about what they don't know would be so proactive.
[NAME]. Please, [NAME]. 
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT
Human trafficking is bad.
You are, or you're. Thanks
I wish I hada dog who is as good of a boy as him
I think we can all agree that [NAME] sucks
Boom. Sand. Great image
"""...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"""
Yea it's a tricky one, we need more buttons!! 
I want this feature just so I can get rid of the nasty rugged beige skins people have on their guns
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun
Thanks! Will give them a call!
Like I said deleted
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS
I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗
I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.
My girl [NAME]. She deserves the world.
It was definitely [NAME] goal. The stadium announcer incorrectly gave it to [NAME] though.
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.
Sure, but it's been all over the news recently with the [NAME] doc that just came out. I've seen tons of posts here on reddit.
Aw, good times, picking off them pesky 'tennas and coyotes! Me too, I'd love that! Thank you for playing, my friend!
I mean the whole discussion is about sales soooo...
I hope that you find happiness, too. I'm happy that you've had a place to vent. 
That's great!
Thank you!!
We, the fans, are the losers here.
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.
You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it. 
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.
Thanks for posting.
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.
i see, thanks bro
Student of the game. Amazing physical attributes and devastating punching power. Humble enough to take bits and pieces from legends
Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.
Are we seeking attention? Waaaaaaaaaaaaah!
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.
Good. It's weird that Polish gun culture is nearly non-existent, given their history as a country. Hopefully this is a step toward fixing that.
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?
I like it
Find like-minded people you can have meaningful conversations with. Everything else I consider a waste of my spare time.
You know, you’re right, she didn’t take the opportunity as seriously as she should have it seems
This is the most reasonable and logical response on here.
OMG you guys rock lol
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him
Thanks for confirming ☺!
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.
Sorry, should've mentioned... 
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D
I love happy endings.
Sonofabitch that makes it so much better [NAME] Edit: you talking about this?
You're a hero.
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. 
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?
[NAME] was horrid for us
Thats not what i said but okay schlomo
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.
It's funny cause those cowboys do the gay sex with each other...
I think it is worth documenting this sort of stuff, as a reminder. They'd do this to your kids too. In a heartbeat.
I appreciate your optimism in saying just a few more years
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18
Honestly Quadriga has been pretty decent, can't fault them for the bank struggle, that's just how the Canadian banks have been towards this space. 
"It's ""snowflake"" to get upset over something like this 😂😂😂"
I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part
*Succession* was fantastic. *Barry* too
Carelessness will find no clemency in this place! (I was late, it seems that others have already got the best lines...)
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.
Yeah it’s a repost, I saw this same exact post in a different subreddit couple months ago
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.
Yeah there's no reason to believe you staying up as a kid has anything to do with your current insomnia
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.
In that case... Happy Amnesia Day!
I love how it stops just before the impact
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.
"i guess there is nothing wrong if i say ""May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness"" And yes, that was directed towards you"
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂
I feel the r/thathappened for more than half of the stories posted. But they're fun to read.
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.
So excited to see the man again.
What the hell- they're paying for cars they don't and won't ever own?!
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.
We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.
What? No deal, abort, abort!
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball
Awesome! You got this!
Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love. 
Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. 
Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.
"""Put yourself into the position to be able to profit from luck"" is the best I can formulate it."
[NAME] reaction gives me life. His reaction when they got punched last episode was amazing too.
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,
now blake's threes decide to drop lol it be like that sometimes
What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.
Huh? Mutts are usually healthier than pure-breds. It's the pure-bred dogs that have weird genetic issues.
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion. 
The Iowa State Cyclones are my favorite college basketball team.
[NAME] keeps getting set to get a rebound [NAME]
Burnout takedown. Then when trying to recover in the weekend, a nice chunk of self condemnation.
its great that she takes care of you, but remember to let her know that she can lean on you
I feel personally attacked.
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it
What a nice sub
Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him 
This is absolutely lerfect, fantastic lunchpine.
it grows on you, fresh packs of creme are actually pretty tasty and they hit right 
This is the worst thing I've ever seen. Take my upvote.
This doesn't solve the problem of people using controllers, they make it harder for everyone low rank or not
The complexity of the killie boo boys is fascinating
wow...u wanna say u were never toxic and u never rage okay if u can t do what I asked just go away ok???
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.
no it's not
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.
Now we all know someone is going to domesticate these cute fluff butts
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness
This honestly explains so much. Thanks for some insight into myself lol
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. 
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest
Oh [NAME] please don’t put them in a team together.
"I love it when ""bad"" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks."
This hurts me.
We gotta keep our hopes up sometime.
The Grappler was fun to use, but way too strong.
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
Damn. [NAME]
You probably can. They're shit at hurling.
Thank you, I will def look that up. 
Always interesting to hear how dom mechanics kinda seep into other relationships lol
Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this
Just because she was watching, doesn’t mean she was into it.
I just see yes
Lol nicely done
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.
I know, all the comments have me cracking up.
Yeah like I just get more dissociated. Music sounds better and stuff
Oh my, it belongs to r/comedyheaven. Laughed for a good minute
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!
I'm still so sad we never got to see [NAME] witnessing his miracle baby's first steps. ☹️
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.
Maybe she realized that what she did was extremely stupid so she was trying to hide her face so that her shame would somehow disappear.
The comments under that video are disturbing. People actually see this as a sign of the end of times.
I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.
Nope! His real name starts with a G. Weird spelling of a common name, and pretty identifiable so I’ve never wanted to use it 🙃
I can do that too but I have diarrhea
Yes, but [NAME] is right when he warns about the US involvement in Venezuela.
What a time to be alive.
Ah this is awesome! I would love even just a couple of these.
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]
A machine would literally do a worse job than him.
Thanks for recording a video message with AntiRivet like 3 years ago for me. Hope everything is going well.
Stop crying.
Good bot.
Good luck, and godspeed.
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉
That seems like an issue with you not him
Cheers to you
Thank you for correcting me on these! I have taken them down. I will do more research in the future.
Ok dude!
Mind boggling. Truly. This is the same deal SHE negotiated. Why didn't she find out if her party would back it BEFORE she signed it?
I'm happy for you and myself.
Siblings growing apart is a natural part of life. Unless your close in age then it's almost certainly bound to happen and that's fine.
IM IN ITALY AND WILL HAVE TO STAY UP ALL NIGHT TO WATCH THIS BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
ASK HER OUT FOR COFFEE OR SOMETHING ALREADY! And while i wish things go well for you with her, next time dont wait for so many signals.
Those women are the worst.
It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.
Im so glad that you have peace today :)
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles
that this ridiculous comparison is this detailed and explicit makes me think the whole beating-a-little-girl-thing is part of his disgusting sexual fantasies.
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid
Oh, I’m so sorry! Good luck, I hope your 3000% more successful than me! Sending love and support!!!!!
Oh that's right they just came back from the vacation. This is a vacation business trip. What a fuckin' joke.
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.
"Astounding. People died. And the church's response is ""Thank [NAME] that the caravan moves on!"""
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.
So basically she’ll fall even more for him lol
That would be so nice to see
Man, she must really hate infertile women. 
Coq was great man...
"Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a ""fuck no"" from me, dog. "
"I love you guys but.....""existence"""
It taunts you
This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir 
I found some very interesting things on the mind shock podcasts about questions I had. Enjoy the digging in the reddit hole.
Anybody else feel super weird when you see your dad get hurt? It’s a weird thing to see
"Exactly, she wasn't ""venting"", she was abusing his fiancee. "
I could drive my fucking van through there!
Thanks, I hate reposts
1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.
Yeah I don't think [NAME] even had to move his hands for that one. [NAME] and [NAME] also destroyed the precision QB challenge too.
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else
Glad this waste of time is over. Lets get back to the business of fixing this team.
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.
i love this
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning
Well that’s dumb. The question is about this sub.
Haha I'd like it if our parallel lines intersect *heavy breathing*
I didn't realize CPO was an add-on available, I just saw their advertising. Thanks!
Will you ask her to pray to her god and ask him to stop giving kids cancer!
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion
Thanks, it was no effort at all.
I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?
Good [NAME], you are right.
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them
I agree, thanks for the help and sorry for the late response.
I honestly think he’s making fun of you
Ok that was a rude way to send him off. Can I have hot doctors again
This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.
this is amazing
You just defended him with a bunch of doublespeak bullshit so I’m gonna have to disagree. You’re a fucking idiot.
I wish I can go 90 days challenge
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.
Fierljeppen heck!
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.
Hahaha good point!
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.
Thank you :) it was hard to get back in the groove but now that I am, I don’t wanna stop!
Amazing. And heartbreaking. I'm learning so much from little bits like that.
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(
World has Turned and Left Me Here.
Thank you. I'm just so shocked that this is in Arizona. This looks like it belongs somewhere completely different.
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.
The Dillard House is literally my favorite restaurant on earth. Their ham is the most amazing thing on this planet.
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.
This is genius
No it’s not, I can give you multiple examples of cops getting physically assaulted and not even using their guns. Stop lying.
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?
That would be **[NAME]** Who is also awesome.
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.
He's played the best ball of his life the past few weeks. Didn't see this coming though
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.
Ahaha alright. Im done. Peace man good luck with everything :)
Very happy to hear that. I hope he keeps at it, and is open and honest with them.
"Too lazy to type out ""him/her"" 3x. That and I don't give a fuck."
It’s never been good lol
Happy cake 🎂 day!
I too think serfdom is good
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.
i do not like the dollar store [NAME].
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.
Wow thanks for pointing that out, haven't heard that one before.
M/21/straight/6’2 Back on tinder after taking a year off dating to focus on personal stuff. Go ahead and judge! Thank you in
I swear of all the people that dislike artifact, the gwent crew is by far the most obnoxious.
Makes me very happy indeed.
Not a Fan if anything FFXiii but I loved this game. Hope we get a season 2.
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol
Thank yoooouuuuu ❤️
Sounds good to me.
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background. 
Your team lacks ethics.
Because you aren't serious. You're just mad because you got told to stop using slurs one too many times.
I have the same issue with a new co-worker and it drives me insane.
>Shes completely self-made too :) Now I'm imagining her as some sort of entity that brings its own existence about
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot
im in love with this comment
Yeah, it is for the organizers
I'm sorry to hear that things went down like that. Good luck with everything.
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.
NBA is like Westworld only completely opposite. Every time you act like your true self you get a T lol
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol
This joke has been on here a million times and never ceases to trick me
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again
What the hell are you talking about?
Thanks! Clearly I am new to reddit. Thx!
Me too and you made me feel better because I thought I couldn't keep up due to being old lol.
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.
"Yes. ""You better settle down over there or I'm gonna come talk to ya."""
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.
It's not unheard of but there are certainly candidates ([NAME]?) who aren't quite to her level on guns.
Look at all the trash at that festival. Fucking gross.
Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.
At least was fun i guess Thx [NAME], thx [NAME]
"You should see the absurd number of ""gays for [NAME]"" we have in my country, it's astounding"
Haha, small world, I live/work in the Twin Cities already! 😂
thank you maybe its just best if i forget it.
Well done sir, well done, lmfao
Theyre paid with taxes..... Do you think you're arguing against an anarchist? lol
Oh, haha Gladstone is a town in North Qld Australia as well... thanks Reddit
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie
What a shame... she was passing really well too...
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!
:o thats pretty good. Not what envision my boy [NAME] but I like this alot.
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(
I just wanna say, I appreciate you making it into a gif. I wouldn't have watched the video. So thank you.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
Good job ignoring [NAME].
I really appreciate you saying that And yes he is the cutest
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. 
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.
Thank you that’s very insightful.
Thanks I don't know why it didn't load for me on my phone.
Get his master class. My boyfriend watched it and he got obsessed with cooking, knife techniques, etc. (for like 3 months).
I have faith that you do it *correctly*
This doesn't even make sense!
Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.
That poor soul
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.
I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk.
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl
I think the comment is highly relevant, thank you for posting it.
Thanks I am among them.
I love PragerU r/pragerurine
This...is just beautiful
She has major SB😖
I WaS KIddInG i loVE U lOLlOL
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.
How can anyone like Tottenham? Like for real. They are the worst team you could imagine in every department.
I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (
Lol don’t act like you care if you aren’t willing to back it up. Cheers
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!
Yes. One of her fingers is getting a sore on it and there’s concern it may push her into needing braces.
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.
yes it does.
Thank you mate.
She’s so cute!
The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.
Iss all good now but thanks!
I don’t understand why this is a problem? Each of you just plate up your own food and then eat together.
They are, but they're rarer than winning the lottery on Christmas. That looks so shiny.
oh god this is the worst
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.
Great anime though. [NAME] awesome.
Wtf did I just read? That was painful
Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!
I feel genuine sorrow for your family having to be associated with a cretin such as yourself
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!
Justice for that horrendous no call
Exactly, humans are selfish. That was kinda my point, my reasons are superficial and only affect me. Theirs are not. 
Lol at the caption, but I believe it’s Netflix’s new original movie Close.
This. Fans complain that she's boring but I'm actually glad she's careful about what she allows to be filmed.
Oh no!
Counter's clean, you're welcome!
This sounds amazing!
It's kinda funny when it's told to you
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes 
Washington Post is garbage because it prints garbage. I'll go with the decision by the experts thanks.
"Love how she was able to find a 'rabbi' from N anti-Semitic group to ""prove"" her defense of anti-Semitism. Just fantastic. /s"
No, we should increase border security because we have an absurd number of people crossing illegally.
I could never deface my car like that omg
It was totally worth it.
[NAME]... Nice
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.
[NAME] are not the best at being subtle about being incels...
Thank you, this isn't the first time they have tried to control us with money. They always put odd stipulations on money or gifts.
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
Why does everyone keep assuming that we’ll suddenly sign big name FA’s? This is a terrible idea.
One of the best photos I’ve seen of the Arch. Breathtaking.
A volley into a header. Just wow. The skills.
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.
I'm not surprised someone asked that. Good [NAME], people are stupid.
Real Person. I'm just saying I like the merchandise.
Where's your helmet?! Gotta love helmets.
Woodfield Mall is pretty good still.
It’s amazing.
Omg i love you hahahahgaha
Hot damn.
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy
Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.
This will pass and you will be stronger because of it
"""And, over here Sir we have the automatic folding model. It is quite remarkable."""
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.
I went to high school with [NAME], never would have thought he’d be an isles fan lol
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.
You did so good for yourself though! If you had the mother you deserve she would have the sense to be proud of you. :)
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.
He drives to the basket like [NAME] used to. And can shoot the 3. And he's super clutch. Love the dude
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.
Ah, see that makes ALOT more sense to me, and how I believed prayer works. Thanks for that
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?
> But it says progressive right in their name.... Here's a beautiful girl for you... ^^/s
Yes it was very hard but I appreciate it.
i love casual racism
My DW made this realization. She is a smart one...and a keeper.
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.
I will take 10 more years of overpowered Tracer before I enjoy having Brig as a counter
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.
Sorry, I laughed, not at you, but because this is so perfect and so relatable. Hope you're past it or getting past it. 
But you’re so so loved! Please find some to talk to! I hope you can overcome this sad part of life.
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.
Glad your a Liberal supporter.
Consider yourself one of the lucky ones. A. no attorney fees B. safe to say you’re dodging a bullet.
Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.
Would be really interesting to see how an FMT from a 20 year old would play out in the gut of 60 year old, or vice versa. 
The paratrooper theme fits very well with his jump! Keep up the good work.
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic 
At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy
Pretty
No they shouldn't. Mental illness is a serious thing and we shouldn't encourage crazy people but instead help them
You were really fortunate! See, that’s what I imagined would happen... 
i discourage a protest that tried to infringe upon free speech
I love you
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.
He's a fantastic Rav. Really enjoy all his articles. Not afraid to think outside the box.
I'm not falling for this again Uncle [NAME].
Wow this was awful. What kind of audience do these morons have? I mean no one with the money to buy that junk would watch these fools
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.
I'm sure you do lmfao...
That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!
I just wanted to say how honorable you are, r/niceguys
Look at you, Mr Independent! You're such a big boy! I'm so proud of you!
hope they had fun in the snow!
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for ""oppressing people"""
yep. I feel guilty for throwing them out but they're basically useless.
We love you here.
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) 
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.
yes and I'm glad that this nonsense stops with me
Exciting finish here.
Relax it's a joke. Everyone does some 90's at the end of their videos. Otherwise people will assume that you aren't sweaty enough.
It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing
A site was the good site on old cobble, so they changed it and left the awkward B site alone. Thanks volvo
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates
True , when this song started playing, I got my first “ Gone Fishing” signature. Loved that game. Thanks for sharing.
"PR is more than just ""optics"". It ain't a new term either. "
Disgusting. Truly disgusting.
You don't get it man
thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !
Wow im glad my uncle is dead , this sounds crazy .
Yeah, you should probably get some help first and take a break before going back.
Hi, don’t feel alone. Im here to talk if ya want if not thats cool too. Remember to try to be optimistic!
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.
The best part about reading brietbart articles is you know they won't give any facts to support their statement.
Achilios too good
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
Feels good bruh
No, I’m saying that “not getting an abortion” is the default option, and takes less deliberate effort than getting an abortion.
[NAME] is in no way comparable to [NAME]. [NAME] is an imbecile.
Nice language 👏
They should do it even harder now to spite you
Ah, modern society's obsession with romance for the sake of romance… I hate it.
There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.
Oh [NAME] this is going to garner such hate hahaha
Adorable little buggers.
Have you told this story before? It seems really familiar.
I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. 
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 ""interesting creature"" 😋 😂 "
He's been cheered for years now.
The great ancap argument lol
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].
Well I guess there's one positive of no deal at least
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!
Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.
So... I guess I'm the only one who thought she looked so much nicer after that trip to the salon?
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock
You're right, I should stop being so worried about other people. Family is forever.
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.
Yet, here we are, a whole sub full of people who seem interested in the stupid things incels say and do... 🤔 /s
This is awesome. Thank you!!!!
What a joke
I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
Good for you. But ignoring [NAME] situation makes the article pointless.
People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.
Good luck. :)
Girlfriend is straight off of Shop Hush social app and onto reddit. Someone tell her, its slightly embarrassing.
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.
Good guy for real.
He was having a nice stroll through the park then BAM a wedding blindsided him
Good, hope he actually takes that to heart!
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.
"Yes, and when I do say ""no"" I'm filled with tremendous guilt. "
Awesome! Just got to see this sunrise from the air flying to SEA this morning :)
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense 😣
No that's stupid
He’s 30 freaking years old and is scared of managing a bank account. *eyeroll*
Thanks for the warning, I'll probably look into it anyway, but I appreciate you telling me that!
This seems like a massive cope. But do whatever makes you happy.
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg
Yes he knew the child was his. I was living with him the entire time and we were constantly together.
I love it when they have those realistic conversations where people interrupt eachother and talk over eachother. It makes it more relatable
[NAME] is actually a terrible player
"""[NAME] remains being [NAME]"" is absolutely perfect."
Thank you for the thorough reply! I definitely can’t say I’m not lucky for a long time after this.
look at that gym! Id kill to have one with such a nice view
Cool, thanks!
Good riddance. [NAME] needs to focus on a healthier mindset and lifestyle (not extreme veganism) and find some happiness.
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!
Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one
That's amazing
"Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... ""that's my boy for real, for real"". Love that."
And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!
Thanks for the reply! May I ask what part of the world you're from?
[NAME] probably won’t like that lol
It gives me a weird feeling as someone not named [NAME]. It's a very heeby jeeby inducing phrase.
I fully endorse the oppression and eventual extermination of all gamers.
Thank you for your reply. It gives me hope, and I will your previous post in a bit.
Caring too much
I would love to hear yours u/jellyjellyspace You posted a pretty unique topic
You can see the regret in the eyes
It was more of a sarcastic ‘lol yeah right’. Nothing funny about wanting to harm my cat or control my life.
Yes, its completely normal. Everyone I know is better than everyone else.
I'm glad :)
Yeah I agree, it really is interesting. I guess that’s why there’s so many different medications out there lol.
It's just a natural reaction of people blaming white people as a whole for all the bad things in history.
Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.
My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude
In my experience I've also noticed his friends and got ditched by my girlfriend.
Oh my lord I am so sorry. That is just despicable. Internet hugs.
I fucking hate [NAME]
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]
Wish more people shared your thoughts, it will make the world a better place. 
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.
Time for a courageous conversation!
"Best way to ship an item that is roughly 120"" x 8"" x 8"" and weighs 45 lbs? Thank you!!"
Fuck off.
Glad you answered your own question.
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.
Honestly, I love hearing about stories like this - like the multitude of Skyrim and Oblivion mod developers who eventually got hired by studios due to their work.
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU
I’m not crying... I’m just cutting onions... I-I’m making lasagna..
Yeah what do they expect? maybe they should realize if you push Gen [NAME] and under into poverty they won't be able to afford your crap.
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.
Thanks for clarifying!
Weird how they shoehorned s character from an ongoing tv show into Celebrity Big Brothter. Glad they got rid of him after one episode though.
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.
You okay there, bot?
Him being in prison (if these useless people and their story is real) HIV and Hep C should be a concern for her.
[NAME]. Haha r u [NAME]??
Thanks for sharing. I'm afraid I will start to squint, this way. Not sure if it's the case. 
god so good
Glad it had a positive impact on you. Welcome to the club!
Don't worry, no one agrees with [NAME]! I bet you're doing an amazing job.
excuse me what the *fuck* was that
Makes it a lot less stressful tho. Regretting staying up this late tho
**Takes away membership card* HOW DARE YOU SIR!!!
Oh man, good luck man. Stay strong!
"#""""Haha so relatable omg so me"""""
I'm going to blow your fucking mind. I dip my Hawaiian pizza in ranch. Booooooooom.
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels
it's kinda cute
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.
I asked for trick candles. Thank you for the gift! What a lovely day this turned out to be!
Never let a fact get in the way of a bad argument apparently.
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.
Partial reopening within the next two weeks for services to the [NAME], but unfortunately for some a lot of the government is never coming back from this.
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Oh sorry, I forgot there isn’t any paperwork involved in getting a gun.
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
I don't blame you. It was a long post. Thanks for your time.
Kudos to OP for not falling for the bait.
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D
Omgggg i’m dying at Stassi. She looks like she was going for a jersey shore look. Shes still gorgeous though
100% scam
I don’t think they really thought through the ramifications of putting a bunch of angry women through rigorous physical exercise with weapons. That uprising would be glorious!
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw
You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub
"That ""Duff City"" belt is an amazing touch"
They're just misguided, useful idiots.
Very interesting documentary, just shows how devastating one punch can be.
Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?
Hey fellow conservative, you seem concerned. 
Good tips. Will take into consideration everything you said. Thanks a lot !
I wish mine believed in it. Haha. He was just bouncing on his bed and laughing, then crying. Maybe he’ll get it eventually.
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯
You might enjoy this
Carmichael is near the bottom? Find that hard to believe. [NAME] just under McDaniels? Words cannot accurately describe how inaccurate that is.
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.
this strikes me hard. I wish i knew my way out of this
Wow, your posting history is a real... interesting ride.
Yep, it was faked. Too bad, too
That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it
That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now
If it’s a one hit kill like the regular crossbow, absolutely would be a fantastic crate weapon.
12 is ambitious!! I’ll do this with you, but my goal would be 4 
Politics should not be a religion.
For the sake of football and this sub everyone wants [NAME] to win
Don’t be silly. Fiat on/off ramps will always be centralized.
Japanese Raws? This manga is ongoing and next chapter is 217 as far as i'm concerned
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them? 
Yes please. What's that @ ?
Woo hoo!!! Free at last!
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.
Even if you were, all good my dude! Shouldn't comment on something too quickly lol
Fuuuuck that's rough
wait, no more [NAME] SJW pwned vids in my recommended? YOU DARE DISGRACE OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR?
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves
Yes. Combined.
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!
thanks JA!
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
This is an awesome idea. I'm in with my coins when this is ready to roll.
This guy fucking gets it.
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.
They´ve been around since World Pride. I love this city :D
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.
That dude is Russian intelligence
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.
Bomb on your chest Do not try this at home
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots
same, just found it interesting and sent it so people could see. 
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!
Thank you. Hugs to you too
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.
Good sense of humor!
As well as this, tell others about your classes AND schedule. Your Fe might be weak but it still makes you do stuff.
Hey there, I hope you're still with us. Let's talk.
okay im interested in joining the bare hands hunting posse
Gotcha, I definitely need to work on my whiff-punishing game then. Thank you, this was extremely helpful.
I just hope [NAME] isn't pulling the wagon. Would hate for her to throw up.
Thank you! :)
"I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the ""I was sitting down"" Man, getting old sucks"
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.
Really wish people would slow down with this one. I wanna repost it for EZ karma, but it's almost always in my homepage
That's capitalism for you, don't worry though. There's another recession on the way.
Yay!!! Finally the fix we're all looking for after hours of endless scrolling.
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing
Let people enjoy things
Damn thats so cheap
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!
No dude! Don't you get it?! Women are like cats! /s
Great subterfuge guys
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.
I’m fully onboard with you there, I was more commenting that to get the liberals in this sub thinking, since ACAB gets downvoted into oblivion 
Lots Of Love
I kind of want to try that now actually. With some chocolate added I think it could work.
This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much!
He has a lot of patience. 😆
Good luck.
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3
Already taken haha
That, but I also really think that [NAME] is going to be a top QB. Especially, if he progresses during his time as back up.
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.
No,no, you are right we should murder everyone we hate other wise hateful people win. 
An ex-friend of mine proclaimed than anyone who speaks of being raped is a horrible, unethical human being.
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.
Maybe she’ll think it was cute how shy you were
Damn... somebody got told.
"""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"""
Fair enough. Taking a break can be good. I wish you the best of luck.
Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.
This just makes me angry.
Yes it does
It's free hand but thanks for the input 👍
It's super funny 😂
Even weirder way to spell [NAME].
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available. 
Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.
SEVEN parrots? Wow. Bit of a hoarder there.
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later. 
Love seeing the guys have fun.
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!
*♪… I'm here without you baby But you're still on my lonely mind. I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time. ♪*
Flip him for another 3rd rounder hah
Thanks for the tip! We’ll try that
Happy little lies.
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!
All of Leviticus is wonderful and interesting. (But I do get the point you are making).
It was a screech of delight. I like this hire. Would let to get a good OC now.
"You know he was too distracted by ""boobies"" on his teen wife to care about the realistic possible outcomes of rushing into marriage with a teen. "
Australian here. I hereby agree that this does in fact provoke nightmares.
Excellent, this is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you !!!
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again
If they could get a psychologist/therapist maybe they would have a better life.
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!
You’re so right. I’m just overthink it. But do you think it’s better in person or text?
"To be fair, it is a wild sentence. ""I have genital herpes and a BMI of 31."" As if they're related lol"
Yes, I've noticed it too. Or the photo of the item won't load. This company is so shameful
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.
">""Fuck it Im on my way out anyway"" ""Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"""
I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.
Dude looks like a lady
Oh wow. That’s nice of New York.
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!
Well damn I guess I timed this post pretty well lol
>She was very normal LMAO This got me
it’s great
This is a genuinely good point. It’s enough to take me from giving zero shits to giving a modest shit against them.
The republicans are the military. You are an idiot.
Your comment has been removed for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
Aw thanks for the hug, and yeah he did sound like a jerk. 
Considering I’m majoring in politics, that’s the plan!!! Thank you! 
I moved from the midwest to AK about 6 months ago. Loving the Mat- Su winter compared to the midwest. DO NOT miss the wind at all.
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.
[NAME] is so cute! And [NAME] is a very dashing name.
He literally looks like a potato
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.
"The only ""pro choice"" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style"
Escape and after some time then die, this is a pretty bad advice so just don't do it
Yeah - thanks - I vaguely remember this. I wonder what her net worth was year by year? Too lazy to investigate.
Guess [NAME] back hurts more than [NAME] neck, a comeback insues.
Your funny, thanks
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣
saved... i'll enjoy this video
I like this a lot
Youre not wrong, but that applies to every ad. People are generally getting upset with the message more than anything though
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one
Thank you alot, I'll link to it in the post
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning
Nice of you to have some social awareness. I’m sure he appreciates that.
There have been multiple threads about this, they can't afford to move up. It's not financially feasible.
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé
Post this on /r/nba lol
"This used to be the biggest circle jerk for dayz ""guys its alpha!"" Oh' how the mighty have fallen."
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time. 
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.
Man I love that flair.
This is my bestie's favorite song.
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).
Because you’re insecure with double standards, got it. 
I agree with this coked-up fiend.
I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.
I got through it when I got home, thanks! :)
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.
Why'd I get downvoted? Am I not allowed to watch Spider-man?
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head. 
I mean he's rockin the hell outta that porn 'stache
. . . Uh huh, interesting
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.
Didn’t intend for it to be, just having a bit of fun because the dog was ironically let loose. 
Haha I thought that was more subtle than something like HOO DINI or banana bus.
Sounds like your location overall sucks. Have you ever thought about getting a work visa elsewhere with a more accepting attitude?
Appreciate the help!
I bet the people who migrated here legally some time ago would love to see the problems they fled from follow them back here!
That’s pretty amazing. You made me smile for sure today man. Cheers on a talent and a great setup.
We've sucked ever since he got here. Just saying
_Ooh, it looks like we just sold the last one earlier today_
No. I make jokes about it, and so does he but he doesn't actually know. 
Thank you 👍
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors
What a cutie!
You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.
Super helpful. Thanks!
No need to bully me.
That's slick, would love to see you guys do it.
up shut fuck the
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.
Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh
All good man haha
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!
I love how people complain about too many midfielders yet still want [NAME].
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself
[NAME] is my favorite character so I’m super happy they did what they did and I’m very happy she used her semblance, finally. 
yeah great idea, get buffed like an animal then shoot bricks in game
Thank [NAME] for state rights.
Literally awesome that someone else is doing the same thing! Funny thing is I go for two a year also. Heck yeah fellow dodger friend
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.
Why is this downvoted? It’s right.
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha
This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition
hey uhhhh I love you
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.
Haha, that's terrifying 
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).
[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯
Thanks dude!
Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.
Nothing more Jersey than the sound of car horns over [NAME] rambling out an annoyed answer to a caller.
"I love how he calls himself a ""decent man"" and the other guy a ""douche"" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it. 
I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?
hahaha. best response I've seen in a few days
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)
She looks like a [NAME].
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.
thanks [NAME], very cool! i’m just gonna off myself tho. brain hurty juice hurty my brain too much 
We dont want or deserve to win this game. Sloppy sloppy sloppy
should've rolled into battle with a sword brad. that would have fuckin' rocked
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.
YESSSS!! The schtick with cameras never failed to delight.
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!
What’s funny is these objectively corrupt sacks of shit were bitching about made up Liberal “corruption”.
Poor and lonely.
Probably one everytime I run out of the $1 million, 97% success rate? Worth the risk 
Ok 🤷‍♀️ I believe in you, you can do it. 
[NAME] engagement photo shoot This is the best she has ever looked in my opinion. HAWT!
Yeah I regret ever moving to Leduc. It's one of the most backwoods, proud-to-be-ignorant communities I've ever seen.
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc
I thought this was going to be a fierce, competitive game... how wrong I was.
I like my coffee like my women.
A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.
Please share lol
I don’t think anyone would be offended by calling a group guys. But idk
I'm pretty jelly now, lol. Esp. The pear shape 😧
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey
Please tell me that [NAME] never said this.
Thank you sir
She seems like the quality girl I'd like to marry and introduce to my parents
I.. love arby's..
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!
That's a welcome relief. Lol.
It's all out of love... We promise.
I suspect wilful idiocy to sell books and merchandise to the even more idiotic.
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).
THANK YOU!!
Possible sad tyre
Love this. I thought I replied this morning, but I’m definitely taking your ideas and going to try them! Best of luck
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. 
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.
It was in a downward trend since 9 years ago, thanks [NAME]! 
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.
You love your joke!
Lol still makes me laugh
Such a disappointment
Let’s learn to love our neighbors like the [NAME] learned in Rome
Yeah usually I’m defensive around people I don’t know casually walking around with things that could be powerful weapons.
He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.
Just relax and enjoy. We are gonna win by double figures as per usual.
Holy fuck dude. Use the mute button. Your feelings were hurt with one message, now click it, thanks ^_^
I really like this.
hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great
Heat is one of my top movies. The whole thing is fucking amazing.
You’re awesome! :)
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.
Finding that common attraction or chemistry is extremely hard for me. I can totally relate to this.
Glad she reads the comments of every [NAME] Facebook post ever
I wish people like this would die in massive flaming wrecks
Happy New Year
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
Damn bro thats wack. But life has a way to with things she'll reap what she sows. Feel better
Being disgusted at disgusting things is grown up.
"The ""richest"" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it."
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax
[NAME] is a good basketball player
So pretty! Great piping!
And there's good reason for that. The SD is absolute shit
I want to end myself when it happens
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*
I like you both.
Stay strong, you’ll pull through.
Pfft. That's awful of him and her. They deserve each other then. Grab your shite and gtfo. Hope he enjoys his fog and dysfunction.
You're welcome! I wish her the best.
Have you visited any of the car subs? They may be able to help you diagnose the issue. Good luck though, I hope ya pull through. 
Oooo she has a crush on you that’s embarrassing!
From one finale to the next finale should be one whole year so she’s gonna be pregnant for a whole year lmao
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.
She has an amazing voice
Really cool art though, well done!
How embarrassing.
Exactly. And they parade around with their protruding stomachs as if they're [NAME] gift to the world. *barf*
"If by ""better"", you mean ""more fun"", then I'd go with the second one. <smile>"
This is adorable.
Congratulations! Welcome to the world, new person!
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?
my fiancé enjoys all the aspie things I do and thinks they're cute. I don't understand why, but I appreciate it nonetheless.
ya primetime game, huge comeback and hardens sheer dominance pulling that team was amazing to watch
Fus Ro D..omg the sun is coming up
[NAME]!
Major props to your mom!
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.
Now all I’m imaging is [NAME] casted in the American pie movies as [NAME]. Thank you for this memory.
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.
Oh cool, the new sign is up :) 
He has been training for this 5k for about 20 years
Cruz Azul choked? I never would have expected that from them, thanks for the heads up
Love you too
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.
Cheers mate.
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him
Just take it easy son.
If [NAME] goes back to the Nationals their lineup and rotation are going to be nasty! I'm still hoping he lands outside of the division.
Thanks [NAME]
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.
I’m so nervous!
Hardly heard anyone I know talk about it but Damnation was amazing.
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle
I’m positive he’s going to leave her
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
Eh, not sure we shoulda fired [NAME]. [NAME] was regarded as one of the best for quite a long time. 
Please just give [NAME] some rest. He looks tired.
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her
Agreed. 52k isn’t a high paying job, it’s average. He probably is just irresponsible with his money. 
I’m jealous.
I love this show!!
Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.
Sorry I should have said army.
You progressively lose more of your money!
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair
This guy also has scorching speed on the bases.
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox
I know how you feel and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But I’m glad you are still here
SATURDAY! SATURDAY! SATURDAY!
Thanks, I love it 
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.
I like that, will be looking forward to seeing it when I go there. Sure, it's stereotypical. Who cares?
Ahhh yes the, their all Russian controlled bots play, a classic in the last few years
Sounds like you know the answer, and at first she will resent you. But hopefully over time will realize what your doing. 
Serious on the vacation time, I haven't seen some government workers doing anything for weeks now!
Running a company will be the same disappointment. Your problem is unsolved.
I don't reveal my sources. Gotta keep my journalistic integrity.
holy mother of oof
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.
Plus the idea of a choose your own adventure movie is absolutely exciting and brings more chances to go back through
I AM CERTAIN THIS IMAGE HAS FULLY ACTIVATED MY EXCITEMENT.EXE. bad bot.
oh yes! i did not know pizza could possibly ever be disgusting until i moved to florida.
Watching girly tv shows. Stuff like gossip girl, pretty little liars, and gilmore girls are all a guilty pleasure
Thank you for giving my Zumba songs some context
I love this woman.
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better
Ugh I've had my mirena for a few years. I get none of bleeding and all of the cramps
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.
Doesn't affect you buddy don't stress over it.
[NAME]! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The [NAME] are taking over!
Congrats on approaching the situation with logic unlike most everyone else
Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly
That was actually pretty satisfying
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.
Thank you! It really means a lot to me
That poor mercy. Just died to die again xD
And Arsenal fans hated him as he left them for his boyhood club, which made his great performances against them all the sweeter
Ah cool, i heard more or less the same story but in Newcastle. 
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.
That's some bitchy whore
I just looked for this sub so I could comment on how great he is.
Poor fella just got his arms out of plaster and we’re already making fun of him
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood. 
I suggest that you start by not apologising before you do something harmless (e.g. the beginning of this thread)
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work 
Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option
It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.
I saw at least one user on this forum talking badly about [NAME] for missing playing time.
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. 
I think I met you. Sorry if I was a bit standoffish.
"""THE SAMPLE SUCKS! THAT TOWN HALL MEETING WASN'T EVEN AS GOOD AS THE TLIC ONE"" "
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤
"I have no idea what ""[NAME]"" is. These billion and one denominations are getting kind of ridiculous."
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.
So basically the greatest person on earth.
The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt
I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.
I want to get rough with him. Choking, tying me up, light BDSM.
Congratulations!! How are you feeling/doing these days?
Just hearing that thing's carapace sliding around and it's feet hitting the ground would make me vomit.
The evergreen looks pretty great, no clue on the price unfortunately. 
At least I dont care about any of them.
All the best to you in 2019! I hope whatever lies next for you is rewarding. :)
The shipping container are my friends, damnit
Be thankful.
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair
srs that’s a cute sweater n all but i wish the pic was closer to her makeup
Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.
Who is brainwashing people to believe it's all a social construct ? It's really frightening that it's become so mainstream.
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! 
Ooof. I have a hard time trusting asexuals who declare this information mid elationship.
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!
No! My furniture is floating!
Have a good night, mate!
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.
An ugly fuk
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.
I love [NAME].
Praise the [NAME]
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?
Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.
Hope the only downsizing that happens is someone downsizes your age
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day
The world is a big place, there’s always someone.
Well that just means that red hair isn't a valid hair color, just a mutation. We should just count them as brown instead. /heavysarcasm
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** yosoyjackiejorpjomp! ^(hug)
Believe you me. TLJ is much, much worse.
Wow... congrats
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.
She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]
I will try that! I have never really tried balancing exercises but will give that a try too! Thank you.
Thank you.
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.
Oh man, the crab brigade hit this thread *hard*
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.
Where does religion have anything to do with this? There are plenty of [RELIGION] people that are cool with whatever you're babbling about
Ha! I like that one.
i guess you must eat filets and lobster at all your parties haha
That moment when you can't even get mad when you realise it's another sad boring troll with nothing better to do than creating alt accounts .
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!
Ok. I got it. But it was a house. Just seemed odd lol
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant! 
The similarity to cigarette companies is eerie.
9 to 4. That's pretty sorry.
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me
I honestly have no clue but I’d also love to have one of those
That opening is quite terrible tbh
I feel like this happens to me every single time I shop there. I dont go in anymore because I'm tired of being followed.
This video is funny but every time I watch it I get so mad at the guys filming and their belittling comments!
Thanks! Edit: hold up a sec. Cowboys?
"""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"" "
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish
Funny enough OP is a gooner
Thank you, I have received help already. 
He doesn't He just want to get the F*** out of there.
The best part of adult snow days is no make-up!
I wish I could give it to you. I've always had negative comments.
Skeptical approach, always lol
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.
[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.
You did it!
No, so it's not our kingdom
Ditto!!
Arguably they do, otherwise they wouldn't be out protesting for support?
Well you came to the right place
Haha, I wish, but not happening
Ugh i wish i had seen this earlier! Have fun at the game!
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake
exactly my condition, mate 
And perfectly perfect.
:( im sorry
I can't tell if you're serious.
They're so scared
Very interesting. Thx
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell
Good. Nevsun shouldn't be flaking culpability in this matter. They are directly funding the organizations responsible for it.
Curb your enthusiasm theme.
"Its supposed to be an ""eye opener"" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct."
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.
How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke
Yeah I hope he can play against IU that’d be a huge loss
Thanks. At first I read it as party
I strongly agree
Zero percent. I sit when I piss cause I'm not an animal and I like to keep my bathroom clean.
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama. 
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.
Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.
He missed out on a golden kid. You should be proud of yourself, congrats!
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.
He looks so young, always thought he was older than me.
Better than the posted joke! thanks!
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl. 
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them
ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator
You’re being downvoted for making a moronic comment - not for your “heroic” efforts here fedora...
That's how you're supposed to serve a pretzel, so it doesn't go soggy whilst lying flat on a plate. 
Fuck that its not my money they're giving him. I want a goalie with a .970 sv% dangnabbit.
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.
:( bastards
I'm not a pats fan but the ones that [NAME] and [NAME] post on their IGs are actually pretty cool
Haha me too! I just told my husband they were my favs and I never thought that would happen with BOTH of them.
Gotta love the mermaid gems.
I know I am very worried
I don't think I'd like that either.
I'm nauseous
Thanks, posted there!
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!
YES YOU SHOULD, although it's only in 2300. Surrounding communes get expensive quickly.
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum
Philebus by [NAME]. Quite under-studied imo. It's really insightful and a beautiful read.
Just gonna say it. Bahahahahahaha
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.
If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 
I can’t imagine choosing McD’s over Banh Mi, that’s just a complete lack of respect for your taste buds.
"This a very serious question but I will say what everyone else will: ""I want [NAME] out"""
*Bud Light presents...real men of genius. 🎶 Mr Take Your Cat Up Tiger Mountain On Your Shooooulderrrrr* 🎶 
I like how the squirrel play dumb when the cat is watching it. And then Boom!
That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?
I understand just so hard feels like I’m being thrown away like trash I don’t want to imagine a life without her in it
I have noticed that one is good for thinking straight and light bulb moments.
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.
Thank you, see was that so hard
Well the. Today I stand correctly informed. Thank you
Now I don’t blame [NAME] for his way of thinking😂 people like this wtf
Haha I've got a mild case of UC, maybe I should be more dramatic about it and use it!
> I was more making fun of your spelling of Northbridg whoops
Omg they are adding audio???!! Epic really loves to cater to the sweats
Not sure what carrier you have but TMobile has a pretty damn good scam call blocker included in their plans.
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**
Seeing the Reverend talk to his son like that always made me feel uncomfortable but also mad.
Well, I’ll be here when you fail!
Wish I had something better for you but best of luck to you, this situation sucks 
Well I guess that solves it.... For you. I'll keep trying to make sense out of the evidence since you fail.
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see
>Working in MD AND DC? Would this be illegal? I will do that, thanks!
None that's why I asked. Glad to see your doing something and not just wishing or whining as that wont make it happen
You can love both [NAME] and the person you are with.
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?
Thanks! Very cool. It was a marriage gift, so that explains some of it. :)
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.
"The movie with crispy Lord [NAME]. ""Good Evening, [NAME]."""
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)
How dare you do [NAME] like this.
Might relax you a little bit but definitely don't expect some amazing buzz from just 1 15mg pill. 15mg might feel like 5-7.5mg diazepam.
Strong and handsome*
Sad because you don't get any women?
Beautiful!!
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]
Outstandingly well done.
The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing
Oh my gosh, my Dodger blue heart goes out to yours and your family. I am so sorry.
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.
Get your feet off the table...
Just shut up dude
Red Line guys are awesome. The Chicago office is going to be infinitely better than te New York one. So much for ditching the whole city thing.
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!
I didn’t know this was a thing, thanks!
The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.
I appreciate the honesty! If you don't mind me asking, what state do you live in?
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.
Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...
Didn't find it believable even from the start
If you're smearing shit between your cheeks merely from standing might I suggest you take a wider stance when popping and maybe get some more fibre in your diet
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:
I hope you have good people around to support one another.
I like in Iowa. The weather part is true
I see that the facebook and twitter crowd is leaking into our sub. Awesome.
Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺
Nice try with your 1/3 pan and t rex arms there buckaroo /s
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up
His left hand is mightily fucked.
You really get it. Your SD is a very lucky man!
100%. Do NOT order from there. I have the same story. Don’t post that place on reddit anymore. They’re a scam
Thank you :) that’s very generous :) xo
Don't be angry. Encountering toxic people in online games is common and you won't change that. Try playing single-player or games with more sophisticated community
I love it. Enjoy your upvote.
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.
Those in a position of authority at a school have to report abuse
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that
I'd say British humor isn't for everyone. I think he was on point most of the time.
Lmao compelling argument bud
Sorry, I have plans that day, week, month. Watching TV while you peruse Reddit are plans aren't they???
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol
Gonna be a much better game than the last one. So glad you guys are coming to carver
That isnt sustainable.
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!
Thanks buddy, looks pretty cool.
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.
"""So... I'm gonna go back to my class and sit in my seat like you told me to, if you don't mind..."""
I love u too <3
You are correct.
Your dad is awesome
Honestly wish I could do this, I miss my long hair sometimes :(
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.
you're misinformed
I almost downvoted you, because “Boooooooo!”
Ah ok, good to know thank you much!
CONGRATS! Happy for both your personal health journey and being in a healthy place for a relationship, sounds like beginning of an awesome new chapter! 
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.
LOL, had me confused for a second. Didn't realize you had responded to another comment of mine as well. 
Go your own way, loser. 
Go fuck yourself.
But people already know I'm weird.
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.
Yeah I feel like we’d be able to do *something*, just not sure what... I find it interesting as hell though! 
Thanks for sharing! I loved [NAME] interview too haha. Looking forward to his on-court reunion with [NAME].
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️
NCAA is a poor barometer for scoring. [NAME] was leading scorer in all NCAA for like 3 years running. Not even sure he got drafted.
Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!
[NAME] and [NAME] are definitely not wings. I like the other guys though.
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough
I love my Red Wings because they're incredibly stylish and I still feel like I could stomp a mudhole in somebody's ass
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news
A TECHNICAL Lmao.
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!
I'm convinced alcoholism is rife in Ireland because ourselves and friends are all shite craic sober. Apparently the Heineken fake beers are nice.
Send your story over to r/nice guys, they'll love it 
Congrats mate.
Here, you are among friends. I wish we all could meet you in real life and surround you with smiles and hugs. Are you in Utah? 
Make sure your Cats are in a safe and loving place.
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.
Wishing the best for your pupper.
I’m pretty sure your thinking of [NAME], although I could be wrong
Recently swapped my sanwa out back for a hori with a heavy spring . it feels really good
One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.
You are a true hero
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.
Yeah highkey looks decent
In the wild, it’s expected that something unexpected will always happen i guess 
Thank you for your advice!
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.
Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason
No, I prefer having a forest
Poor thing. Her arm looked stuck in the crutch as she fell. That had to hurt
Pretty much lol
Bisbee is a weird place.
Agreed, if you think about the animals it's sad. If you think about zerocarbers' blood profiles it gets amusing.
Goddamn I’m excited about this football team!
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it
No...how dare you bring factual evidence into this conversation! /s
Yelling anger sorrow. Not that funny to me.
I’m chuckling at you referring to it as a little ho.
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.
Lol religion is a crazy thing
Haha penis.
I never said it was irrelevant. I am trying to add on to what the OP had said for potential savings.
Nice ;)
ok, so there are no checks client side, thanks for the information and all the best luck on the project!
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.
Guilty... waaaaay over sold myself on my resume about 12 years ago.
It was white, just had some black beads on the bodice. Thanks, that was really interesting! 
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...
Thank you! I didn't realize that.
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.
This is awesome. I have so much junk in my head that I need to address the way you describe. Thanks for sharing.
"I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] ""LIFE will take care of them?"" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha"
bournemouth v chelsea took under 3.5 3-0 then in the 95th minute bournemouth grab another. feels bad man
This is true, but he's perceived as white by most liberals. 
I think we would have tried to, but [NAME], as we can see, is way too good to make us a bottom 4 team.
I love assault
Calm down [NAME].
Character and emotions are not the reigning champion one year earlier...
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p 
Personally, I adore capitalism. But that's just me. 
Ik these are great!
Kill it with fire.
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.
Why would someone need a year to respond to your needs? Don’t waste another moment.
Not really. All pretty random injuries.
I find porn disgusting and boring, could this be a sign I'm asexual?
Ahh you poop too much
I’ll keep that in mind lol thanks a lot!
His truck was never used by ISIS.
Truly incredible work ;)
That is a very handsome dog.
Uh well one has a long face but I think we’re thinking of different people here haha. They’re a popular 80’s band
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.
Ive always wanted someone to tell me how beautiful my protein powder looks.
Happy Birthday [NAME]!
funny as.
Insurance covers stupidity, so maybe they'd cover it? 
they seem confident and chill
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭
CNN has video of the arrest. Someone needs to put the cops theme over it.
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.
Not the first time. Won't be the last. Thanks!
thanks guys appreciate the clarifications!
Thanks, I posted a new one with the source 
Yes, that might be a good thing
We don't deserve you. Thanks for the update. Happy it's being handled! :)
If you’re you and comfortable, you go, girl. 
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset
I'd give it a 9/10 one of my favorites. So what was your thoughts on D'jango?
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.
I wish I'd get invited to parties...
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !
Lol there’s always that one guy in the comments
Yo creep, please get help!
I regret that I understand that reference :(
I'm still worried about [NAME] though :(
this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe
Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know. 
Sad face it is
Because it would look worse than 2D art.
This is the most beautiful story I've ever heard.
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs
Lol thank you so much for pointing that out. It’s the “re” on the “tard” cake.
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.
Except it's the NFL an he can say fuck it an demand more money at anytime and I wouldn't put it past him.
Wow, that was fast
Now I have to re-watch the entire series, thanks. 
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.
The weight of all that water is enough to kill someone if they don’t drown.
Dream market is also down for me in the USA
No, you won the 23rd.
"I knew I didn't like this guy when the NPR commentator said ""He's the best option for attorney general right now"""
Haha okay. Much love brother!
I liked the Japandroids for that one year
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.
Hopefully that's patched soon.
Yup, Telltale was good. Until 2016.
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.
Bro, highmountain looking sick
Very scary.
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.
that would be so cool!!!!
Nothing wrong with pasta or bread. Stop buying bleached flour products and get whole grain.
yeah he was a good defender in Utah
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.
Thanks for the insight
Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her
This is the kind of thing that makes me want to low key record every single one of my lyft/uber rides.
I’m broke as shit and already do that.
Oh [NAME], me and kiwi or pineapple. Or that feeling when a tortilla chip gets stuck in the roof of your mouth
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story
Except [NAME] isn't under our control or capable of having an impact on our team. We traded him. lol
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong. 
I love this meme, killem with memes
I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.
Damn it!
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. 
I got a girl's number at work and we're dating now so all girls aren't like this lol
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly
I appreciate the advice! This is something I’ve been trying to figure out, like I said.
Well then town is flummery for not guilty'ing the mafia lol
Yes I prefer smaller boobs
Hot dang, this almost makes me want to go to the dentist. 
Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.
This is petty af but I'm in
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.
They can be upset about both. Believe me, I've heard the lecture about how Catholicism is a cult and the abortion tirade in the same sitting.
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!
I'm not covering for anybody, trump included.
I thought that said affordable, and i was really concerned
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol
she disrespected [NAME], i dont like her
Funeral for a friend is a killer band.
Don’t know how I missed that
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.
Well new years eve people can hit it with some luck in my area haha
I don’t think this fits the sub
She got the death penalty...? fck me.
Before you get too excited remember the human Officer is there to help his doggy partner.
And she would would enjoy wearing
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious
Do something you’ll love and you’ll never work a day in your life? Huh, strange
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.
This is simple but great.
"if it's ""unavailable"" it's deffo not from the cold lol :D"
Thanks. I am. I make some new friends.
no, the epilogue has one ending.
Okay then. It sounds like you have it all figured out. Good luck.
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding
Think you mean this Labour MP
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.
Happy New Year everyone!
[NAME] beat the Bears last season lol
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao
"I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the ""adults"""
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)
This has the makings of a great painting.
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.
I love polo shirts
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]
That’s bull crap call.
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...
thanks mate! I haven’t given that idea much thought, i’ll give it a shot next time i’m home
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.
I dont think self-sources work for TIL.
thank you!!
I like the fact that you like it a lot.
That's really good!
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year
which is the very issue because he banned me
Ah damn it.
You're right. I forgot more Democratic seats were up for reelection! Thanks!
And the purse tacos!! Need that midday snack!
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye
this comment made me very nervous
Hopefully he will
Abstaining is dumb, she should’ve voted no
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the ""SJW"" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. "
No I actually really like that I don’t have to pump my own gas.
Its not better then PoE.....by a longshot.
I hate to break it to you but [NAME] ARENT signing here
Read this while pooping. Laughed WAY too hard! Thank you for that.
Sending you love ❤️
yep I wasn't aware I could claim my rec purchases too. thanks
Pleasure!:)
That young [NAME] looking dude is intense!
I think we all know [NAME] has the best curves in team history.
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.
Talked with my parents. It was so relaxing and beautiful <√9 Thank you a lot ❤
Such a nice photo of city hall.
I find the joke chill and reasoned
Well I mean he got erased from existence twice and is still here so I'm guessing it has to be something more than that.
Yeah, I see you’re point. Thank you
Well, shrinking of your d could be a motivation to quit porn.
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!
No hate TGR I love you
Hate people like this
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad
This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.
How stupid of [NAME] to rely on LibDems to stop the idea of referendum.
I’m happy. Does that mean I can downvote?
Not even slightly.
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.
I would meet up in a public place first. Invite her to a bar within walking distance of your place and assess. Safety first.
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.
I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol
At least it made for hilarious responses by people being aghast by the price.
Thank you SO much! This is so genuine and so helpful. Thank you so much for your time and your thoughts.
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him
The greatest of all deals.
It isn’t that bad :/
You would be better off to do some makeup tutorials. Save yourself the headache of dealing with hormones that you don't actually need.
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.
Me too, except there’s no hookup. (I’m so lonely) 
Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Enjoy this slice on me 🍰
aha my favorite reply :)
Educate yourself! Stay in your lane! (It all sounds so totalitarian if you look at it more closely.)
thank you for your answer
Yes. Source: still getting paid.
I'm divorcing my narcissistic ex and that book helped me so much!
Good to know the obsessive thinking is because of them... I’ve felt like it was just me ha. Thank you 🙏
Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.
Quit talking about politics.
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.
Lol I'm literally an anarchist but okay
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.
Yep, just PC this time, sorry
I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after
Glad we cleared this up
You’re not winning this one. Move along.
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.
maybe next time you should do some fucking research. prohormones will shut down your test production
Think FARC and Columbia if you're looking for something to compare the Afghan talks to. That's the best that useless war can hope to achieve.
I do know a few fellows who didn't get accepted until a full month after. Just chill until then. Good luck!
Whataburger misses you
You’re obsessed, get over it man. We have what we have, they have what they have
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore
Your VR program is a *game* changer I see what you did there, [NAME]
Wow nice way to live in an echo chamber.
You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.
LOL at this question! If he follows the sub...just read the topics for opinions! I call BS!
Good mind, good luck.
No, but now I will
I'm most excited, honestly, for the new batches of eastern coral antivenom.
Damn look at [NAME] and his insane get off. We could use an [NAME] now probably now than anyone on this roster.
Great vid but horrible grammar. [NAME] i had to read the title 4 times
LOL I read that and slavated. I wish we could pull that sweet of a deal off.
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this
Oh look even more whinging by a Brexshitter about how its all gonna sort it self out fine, such fantastic info.
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday
It's about fucking time, hope this is real.
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽
You should have an AP that respects you ...not just one that wants to use you.
Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.
Please no, I have a family!!!
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.
This is so true.
Thanks. That's a handy resource. My question remains unanswered.
I’m sorry about your friend.
Great. So increase prices 20% overall, give the waiters the extra money. I'm happy with that. 20% is a great tip.
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy
I love the Nets
Dude it was an old video. Your porn math is way off.
Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.
Oh. Much less exciting than the edit. We live inside the fungus.
Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺
Very well said.
I love [NAME]. I hope she can hold on in 2020.
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.
If you have a bad memory, you have to train yourself to take notes
This is the shitposting I love
Must be fun, just rewriting history at will...
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.
Sorry, I misread
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.
Well, yeah. She wasn't the best actress up for the award by a long shot. I don't think this is a surprise to anyone.
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.
Yeah, because not paying a bill on time is equal to murdering children. 
"I'm missing the ""funny"" part. This is just someone killing himself."
I love this reply.
My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.
Yeah, I do this too. It's almost comforting. I'm glad I'm not the only one.
So. Damn. Greasy.
Better than selling our souls for a fucking trophy
This looks more like 1954.
[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. 
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.
Not really, I’m not too sure, thanks for asking 
She looks so much better. She really is pretty.
Obviously has played on her mind for that long... glad she apologised
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. 
You post your pics online. Good for you! You're probably not a subhuman
My boss had this conversation with me just before Christmas. I start my new job in February.
Butterfly is cute... it’s the dreds that are gross
I completely agree, I just think there is more of a chance of Clowney getting tagged than [NAME] getting tagged a second time.
That hug at the end was like a you’re too precious and innocent for this world”
Wow that’s actually a great idea lmao
Thought I was...it boomeranged on me and I am suffering immeasurably right now. Thanks and I hope your day was good.
If you were still here you probably heard mine! He’s a coonhound and likes to sing
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
Dude. I was hoping this would actually be helpful. I'm so tired of helping little kids open their milk cartons at the elementary I work at.
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
Had my first kiss last month at 22. It does feel great. Good job bro.
They apologized for that episode.
Hah! You’re the best NERD!
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.
Absolutely ripping for that show. Really excited to see what they play!
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.
wtf i hate [NAME] now
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community
The right time would have been never being there in the first place
It's nothing on you. I just hate the idea from a justice standpoint. I strive for fairness as much as I'm able.
They should be liable for this abuse. It’s just insane!
Oh you got me. Good one.
I could crush him like a bug right now.
I love the post you just made! Well written and very relatable.
really clever lol
It's an interesting case study in scams
Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?
As long as you do the cooking by the book 😏
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. 
What a sweet “welcome to your new home!”
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.
Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far
This feeling is so bad
This isn’t a “someone” this is a company.
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.
I'm in the opposite boat. Just make the nausea stop pls thx.
Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away
Haha, nice try mom. *dabs*
"lol me too. _""Go on in you scraggly old bastard!""_"
He was forced into this marriage
Thank you. English is not my first langage.
"As a song from my favorite anime of all time goes: ""Make the impossible possible"""
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.
Thanks hehe hit me up on there sometime!
oh got it😂😂😂😂
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. 
Wow, that's awesome you heard that in the wild.
I’m glad not too much time was put into this
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. 
The funny/awful part is how well [NAME] works photoshopped in.
Ha. Fair enough.
I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.
Love your /u/ so much.
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk
True, so just basically everyone. It needs to be easier to get a gun than it is now anyways
That made me laugh and if my mum’s mind was still here she’d laugh too!
Even better, won't feel as bad eating the whole thing in one sitting then.
This is awesome! Do you want people to RSVP? Or are you doing this first come, first served?
Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.
LOL where did you hear that?!
I had dream where someone said this to me having no idea it was him
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.
"Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a ""cross post"". Sorry!"
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who snorted at it!
Thanks! I’m Excited To See How This Meme Become In The Future!
No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting! 
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline
Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!
Yay! Mine’s Cymbalta and Lamictal with a dash of Ativan lol
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.
Good on you dude. I'm west coast, but I'd love if anyone ever finds themselves in Seattle, I extend this offer.
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat
Great response, I too love being in my 30s. Embrace it fella 
"There's no such thing as ""toxic masculinity"" and it is a term used by bigots to hide their sexism."
Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.
That’s reasonable
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.
Whatever happens, you will survive this. Keep your head up brother ✊
Hopefully you're ok now & doing some good stuff
Aight thanks bro for the insight
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️
calling her a sellout for having a job is hilarious.
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!
We don’t improve without discovering our problems. Good on you man- wish you and your boyfriend many happinesses 🙂
[NAME] I hate Twitter
Weird thing, but my cat will go HAM on my earhole if I let her.
No one loves you. Cry more.
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.
Sounds awesome!
oh thats a good one ;)
I think this is next on our list, thanks!
How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.
don’t curse mmeEEEE !
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting
I AM A LIBTAD LOL
>[NAME] pulls publicity drama stunt with mild success. FTFY
Loved seeing [NAME] play for us, but definitely excited to see what [NAME] can do.
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.
Ok nice opinion dude. Do you have any sources??
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.
When you're too stupid to realize they showed off character customization in the trailer...
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.
...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.
"So is liking [NAME] enormous eyebrows ""biological"" too? /s ^I ^think ^her ^eye ^brows ^look ^cool"
Ok... if you think its time.... have a fun safe trip
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day
If you are following the schedule, your kid got up to 6 in one visit...at 2 months.
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.
you are definitely trolling us. That can't be true
They're a match made in heaven!
I hope she wins next week
Ouch! That hit hard
[NAME], I hope so..
This actually made me laugh out loud
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels
Omg this is so amazing ! Keep up the awesome work and have a fantastic New Year !
Oh wow. Yeah I’m very new, only about 8 hours gameplay
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.
Haha, thanks, bot! How's your day going? ❤️🌈🚀
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.
I don't even find her that loud or that wild I think he's just no fun.
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum
Sorry for having a working brain :3
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times
[NAME] I didn't know this reddit, the comments are wonderful.
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.
Now it's cheering for the two to come back
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware
I'm already aware of a lot of things I need to fix, but Im just trying things out atm. I would appreciate any and all feedback.
Yes? FBI? This Lady Right here..
Cuties! Love you!
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.
Thanks. Didn't quite catch all that.
Back in the day was the best ever than. I giggled nearly to the point of drenching my depends. Ty ty very much.
I frequently have issues with these large temperature swing but it has to due with allergy pollen activation.
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
Damn Skyrim VR looks amazing.
Both directions? They should all be arrested. This will cost the people of Edmonton a lot of time and money. Fuck these pricks.
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k
Good [NAME] she needs to stop
I’m sure someone in the lions thread already posted something similar. They love shitposts haha.
As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle. 
Dude. This is exactly what happened to me. I hope you’re doing well. Hang in there.
I'm so excited for this game!! 😄
Ask him for as much help as you need though. Or anyone. You might be surprised as to how willing people are to lend help.
They can't find police for the streets in England, but somehow with Ireland they always find a way.
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.
[NAME] is the best
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.
That’s beyond disgusting in every way.
What the actual fuck?
I'll try. Thank you
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while
Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness
I just gave you a quote direct from the current finance minister regarding the supply. Get real, man.
I agree. His own hair color is much better with his blue eyes.
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.
"Given that the murder rate is primarily caused by the so-called ""war on drugs"", I don't see how gun laws would affect it at all. "
I hope this leads to [NAME] empire going down.
That sounds terrible.
Reason number 1523648856 PFF is trash no one should take seriously
yeah what happened in this comment section... Hope these people are ok. TDS is very serious and real.
Or, [NAME] is upset we aren't in the playoffs.... You know. He only really cares about winning ..
>i don't feel so good (mister [NAME]). r/unexpectedspiderman
For a sub about motivation y'all are a bitter bunch haha
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.
I think it doesn't have to be only in school, but anyway, good attitude, I'm sure you can overcome it (with patience)
"""You people""? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic."
I wasn't aware of that subreddit before. Thanks for reading and for the recommendation!
I need to know the backstory on this!
Dude you’re honestly unhinged. I think you need a break from the internet for today... it’ll do you some good.
thank [NAME] it was returned
Yeah he is crazy early game, but as soon as you get a few items on an ap character, you just kill him before he combos lol
Aw it’s so nice of OP’s mom to take care of these cubs.
That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are. 
Welcome to the gloaming. Yes.
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.
That. Is flipping Cute. He's definately a dog person.
Get out now. She's playing mental games with you. Play nice but plan your exit. Ask me how I know.
My dads dislocated his twice. If it happens once, the knee is sometimes weakened which means it can happen again easily. 
No kidding, one way or another they'll get much better this year.
Oh, it's that time for you. Sending hugs. 
[NAME] i was mostly curious about the background because it's very good.
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.
And happy cake day.
That's a good policy.
Please don’t do that. You can do better
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.
trashy comment.
Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season
We're worse to animals than we were 100 years ago, js.
Thank you so much. This is really valuable information!
This comment is complete garbage.
This is brilliant.
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)
I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.
Well that was strangely majestic.
Thanks for sharing your story. I hope you are doing okay now.
Heard that too lol. And how [NAME] is fantastic on the ball, but the lack of assists puts him down as a player .
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL
Thank you so much! I'm documenting as much as I can!
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is ""so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"""
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it
and now i went there...and got ragey and stabby LOL wtaf is wrong with people?! obviously, rhetorical question...but wtaf
Yes, thankfully it has never happened to me, asking out of (morbid) curiosity.
This is truly terrifying.
Very interesting!!!
Nice try, officer.
Brave soul.
Fucking and being a boy
[NAME] was autistic BOOM
I'm more than sure we [NAME] lovers feel the same way, her outfits are awful
thanks man.
There I did it for you.
Glad you had fun!! Did you all, ya'know? Did you all make plans to see each other again soon?
I’ll buy it i don’t care
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment
Honestly, no. But even vague references would do more to help decide if it's a fresh take on something.
I’m not sure how to feel after reading this... I will say that [NAME] and [NAME] would be an attractive couple.
Yeah, hopefully the lesson learned from this is that our level of airport security is stupid and unnecessary and not that [NAME] is risking another 9/11 
Yep, they expect you to revolve around them, but think they’re exempt from returning the favour. 
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.
Thanks!! :)
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.
Can you stop living with this person? Engaging in it will only make it more toxic
Oh jeez, just took back my upvote I gave this photo. Thanks for telling us, that's extremely messed up
I get my tax money back every year, no complaints. Plus the college and other skills i got were worth it.
Didn't really help who the Master is but [NAME] will lose his damn mind. We video game worlds now.
Honestly thought it was a peeled banana...
i love that channel
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD
I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels the same!
Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.
She’s beautiful! 💙
Oh man. I had to do it last year. Hopefully my leaders think more highly of me this year.
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool
There’s still time mate - be careful!
I wish I was there lol
I sure hope by all falls down you mean all mine and by the workout plan you're talking about the skit and not the song
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much. 
that's some nice evidence you got there.
Oh. That's an... Interesting username. :
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)
"[NAME] would love her!!! ""Do you forgive Daddy?"" "
Your parents must have adopted.
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..
I know and I think that's a lot more impressive/interesting. :)
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!
It’s beautiful hun
I see it this way also. I have never played Pokemon Go but I feel like DD creates the same excitement.
Thank you so much for sharing this... really opened my mind.
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. 
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... 
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.
This stresses me out way too much.
HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.
Mad stinky.
Every YouTube comment: [NAME] is beautiful and perfect how dare [NAME] and [NAME] breath near her, the production are forcing them on us.
I was inspired by your post to grab a thing of Greek yogurt with pineapple I've got in the fridge. Hell yeah.
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.
"How the hell is that comment ""holding the GM accountable"""
Not OP, but this is a really great response and I'm saving it on my computer for a rainy day. Thank you.
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.
I’m currently putting a investigative task force together and I believe that I could be done assembling that team in as early as 400 years!
You called yourself a Met fan. THAT is embarrassing. Edit: called themselves a Met fan and didn’t know who [NAME] was AMD disrespected him.
It's holiday time here in Europe. Today is my first day in work for 2 weeks.
ISU was missing players and had to choke that game away pretty hard in order to lose
You mean your WolfDog Hybrids? Kidding.
Being alone isn't the problem. Being **forever** alone is the problem.
Thank you so much! After the *loooooong* talk we had, I feel a lot better about our marriage.
I liked the slug :(
Sorry to hear that. Hope you feel better soon!
You can always kneel.
Not an RFA my dude
Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.
oh, okay
Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.
Awesome! I’m a cradle [RELIGION], so really interesting to hear your experience. Thanks for sharing.
That’s dope nice job
I love you
"""It's your outfit, dude."""
It's disturbing that this tweet got so many likes. Like, this is why twitter has a cancerous reputation.
Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now. 
that’s beautiful. are you sure it’s only twelve feet though? it seems much taller
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language 
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!
Sounds sweet man, nice memory to have!
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
Theres a pretty big Irish population in Edinburgh/ Glasgow as well that'll likely end up contributing to the support.
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.
I scrolled past this and thought this was a title reveal and got so excited. Good GOOD theory though!
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. 
Happy cake day [NAME]
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!
money always talk. i want more to learn from this lesson.
o.o I want to be able to drop 30k on presents. [NAME]: Sounds fun.
My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices
Same with [NAME]. I was even disappointed Parks and Rec had newt gingrich on for a cameo.
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!
I did.
Mugging is just how we show love around here. Respect our culture.
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.
It's a beautiful video of family and [NAME] finally accepting [NAME] as a brother is one of the highlights of the show
[NAME] is great
Im so hype for this game, ive been waiting for this for awhile
This sounds like fainting. Get your blood pressure/sugars checked.
That’s really cool of you to do man!
You will be fine.
That 2nd goal was all [NAME]. What a move, and against the best team in the league!
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.
A little girl recently died because her parents refused to get her medical treatment and insisted [NAME] would heal her.
Yes I do, I even tried a brand new pod as well and nothing
Nah I wish, that would have been awesome!!
Wow! How does it know?
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)
Thanks for your addition! I didn’t know any mercy players who made good content for her so I left her out. Appreciate it!
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now
Love the beauty of nature.
Glad *you* find it funny!! You've ruined my morning!!
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.
They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...
Even if you were a woman, your personality is so vile and yuck I would happily do 20 years in prison for murdering you.
Whistler Medical, Broken Coast, and 7 Acres... looks to be the top 3 rec producers right now.
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.
Yeah take a read
Her promo's alone would be a great addition to the promotion.
Not ok. They could have easily given them a drug test if they really wanted to know if they were on drugs. Disgusting.
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear
Your cat is the best thing I've read all day. Take care of your cat!
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D
I appreciate you taking the time to at least justify your reasoning but I still very much disagree.
You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!
Twas a joke ❤️
I heard [NAME] makes someone his bitch on a usual basis. Anyone remember how often?
Thanks, I felt underappreciated until now!
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia
Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'
I wish this had sound so I could hear the crowd roaring in the background. This is so wholesome. Look how excited he gets.
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!
[NAME] I hate that I had to upvote this dude to the sub it is in. Every fibre of my being wants to downvote this atrocity
Kill all humans
I wish him good luck trying to get the video back but his chances are quite low. It's one man versus a corporate empire.
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.
bleh. You would think 160 reps in and I wouldn't have that problem. Thanks for the insight.
Well this hurt tonight but it could have been worse. Plus the bears choked. LOL. Offset the hurt a bit.
Happy to be able to help.
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.
>lol that's [NAME]
Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...
Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂
That’s true, thank you
I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr! 
It's near Brooklyn. Very woodsy, couple nice little antique shops. Most definitely the middle of nowhere.
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.
Yes i hope things go well for them
What in the bipolar hell is going on? Yikes
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed
Your husband isn’t at all worried about your reputation since he’s the one who spread the lie. Something to think about
I dislike [NAME] more and more. Big ego and small feet.
She has naturally chubby cheeks that are set on high cheekbones. I've seen it before and it's not abnormal.
I'm tall but no one is attracted to me, because I'm ugly, I have a big nose and ears.
Was just thinking that. Great tunes
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing
Makes sense but honestly the FO needs to accept they drafted wrong and just trade for DSJ for the sake of the team
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels
"""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"", or something to that avail."
Came here looking for the knowitall that explains the difference. Disapointed in reddit today.
bruh is trash and has been for a long long time. y'all won. congrats. see you in Death Valley.
Hey congrats!! That's amazing, you've done such amazing progress! Hope you have a great day :)
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.
Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together
Preach my dude I know how it feels to get downvoted by the sheep
love you too.
Why,? It’s natural. That’s weird af.
He really likes Babylon 5
How dare you say that. He's a toad of the people! Not some rich frog!
Sorry its such a long post guys
Literally shaking, I hope you're getting the support you need with the ptsd this has obviously caused.
I'm sure the guy posting is this just gorgeous with the best personality ever
Whew. I'm safe then.
I suppose. It was just weird how they went on a NASCAR tangent for like 3 minutes lol.
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
Nice try @ some dude. Also i joke around my gf on the same topic, she doesnt believe me
"""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"" /s"
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.
UNLIMITED POWER!
That was glorious.
Best of luck with your new religion.
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse
Stupid sexy squidward
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.
[NAME] is amazing.
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].
I'll keep u updated man. It's only a 7eth withdrawal so hopefully it processes quickly.
This is ok as extra content, but it feels really uncomfortable.
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING
Haha love it we'll uhm not the penis
Your old enough to call the police. Don't let him put hands on you again.
Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.
Love [NAME]. Amazing beaches!
And she will try so be careful op
This exact scene, as a matter of fact, haha.
I do but no one wants to play with me I at least try to play by my self but it gets really boring.
Oh yeah, thanks, sorry for the confusion, good thing someone called their bullshit :)
I wish my nickname was [NAME]
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!
Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]
Lol people still watch CBS?
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong
No faith! Shame!
I’m tired from working hard and I want someone to snuggle me to sleep
Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.
Thank you I love you
[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him
I love the way he looks at them to see if he should keep panting.
Thanks for the link,much appreciated,great info you found.
No lol it's just the sub's flair. Also I was joking about good as gold, that's a song of [NAME] lol
Thanks bot! The water looks so weird now
Sleep tight [NAME]!
Sorry, I swapped back to Canada unclearly, to respond to the comments about it.
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.
We did it [NAME], we stopped racism
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again
"I might be a prude. ""Suck him off in the bathroom of your friend's home!"" Those don't equate"
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.
thanks! :)
This is amazing. You look like a video game character whose hair texture hasn't loaded in properly.
I'm a parent and am telling you that dude is sad and insecure as fuck.
looks like got damn shoe leather.
Worth a try to report the bus number, the route and the time to PTV to see if he can get them back. Best of luck!
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
[NAME] looked like he was having a heart attack the entire game... welcome to the madhouse lol
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.
Thanks for pointing out the only error I made. Out of everything there, that is what you chose to take issue with.
Well I'll be darned.
This is beautiful!
Ah brilliant, thanks for sharing that. It does indeed look promising. Shame no mention of Lethals possibly but oh well =]
But why? I have enough awkward moments in my life. I just want to see comedy when I watch a show labeled as one.
Farewell wonderful traffic. It's been good 2 weeks.
I was chuckling the whole time I read this, I would have loved to be there
“I’ll never step foot in a gym again”
Looks great but am I the only one who can't hear anything?
Good meme, nice meme
what the fuck
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.
[NAME] they need a union so badly.
they're called queens for a reason, fuck democracy
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL
Thanks everyone for your feedback! Dosing one bottle tomorrow night around 8pm EST, will post back with results 🤠
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P
Let's hope you've got the self control to not binge :) I know I didn't
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind. 
I'd give it a 6.9, based on the fact that he was still caught in the tree
[NAME] still got a little pop tho for calling for the match. Makes me smile that the crowd still loves her.
lol [NAME] would definitely do this if [NAME] was that dumb to take this offer.
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.
I’ve seen 62 to 8 in 12 hours up north. Weather is crazy stuff.
The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.
Jack torrance can be nice
I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.
Dude nice catch lol
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay
Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)
[NAME] yer fucked.
LOL this lasted long.
I think I will try to push through, I guess I can always drop a class or two if it’s too much and even take a break 
I just want to be alone in a cabin up north near flagstaff.
Thanks for the response.
Thank you.
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol
Well said, thank you.
I appreciate that. :)
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind
This is really cute
Thank you for reminding me about how much I love the JJBA abridged series.
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.
Doesn’t have those thick eyebrows though lol
Yeah you're right. That's the problem. Not guys thinking it's ok to message someone they haven't matched with outside of Tinder.
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.
That's such a selfish mentality to have.
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.
I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.
It's a pretty old and actually funny joke, just converted into a ragecomic. 
"They get pissy about ""automatic defenses"" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy."
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were
I like [NAME] but I'm gonna have to go with [NAME].
"The fact that this podcast isn't called ""Z-Targeting Dio's Balls"" disappoints me greatly."
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!
The brick details actually look good. Everything else - ehhhhhh.
[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!
It does infuriate me.
Good viral marketing attempt [NAME]!
in away that smarter than the average six year old
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits
Yes! It's hard to believe that some people like warm toilet seats enough to pay for it as a feature.
What a thot*
Oh no I was laughing at that master trolling. that's like 20 years of buildup
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it
Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.
You made the right choice. Helps to get him out of mind, out of sight and begin the healing process.
Then they're the worst fascists of all time, because their critics have been extremely loud and public, while not being murdered.
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!
Well I hope it works out lol. We really need help in that department
Ah that's so cool!!
Wow. My first comment here (I think) is met with hate! Ouch!
I like [NAME]..
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...
"The ""awesome"" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol"
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.
I’m to scared to tell them :(
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.
its pretty wholesome tho
Incredible how you can... SEE RIGHT THROUGH ME!!!
Is it fair to say she’s the most versatile makeup artist of all Ru girls?
Always great to see a fellow [NAME] give proper advice
Damn. Low tech bait bike
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!
Thank you for this encouragement. It's been a very long time since I've made any progress
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**
I wish I had been born there :(
OMG - you're my freakin' hero. And your last post had me absolutely weeping with laughter.
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life 
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.
The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny
Then the argument is entirely wrong. Democratic socialist are not communists. Conservatives aren't fascists.
only suckers believe this don't be a sucker
Another senseless tragedy.
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.
My bad , thought it was the English one 
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right
I wish I didn't know that...😔
Don’t worry about the baby but yes worry about your mom...
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda
I find that telling the truth as much as possible makes things less complicated. I've learned to spin the truth when needed, though.
[NAME] is [NAME].
What a goal
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D
Losing my Origin account? Oh no, how else will I play thousands of other non-shitty EA games now?
Thanks for your opinion. It's highly respected lol
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol
I want to hug both of them.
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.
That was so disgusting. VWP
I love [NAME] so much, but honestly it's great news that they refused to go back to that system. Hoping for [NAME].
"As if any of those words mean anything other than ""give me what I want or I'll socially shame you!"""
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. 
It's hard to be good to yourself.
That's all good, thanks for commenting.
That'll be a testical festival for sure. Have fun.
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.
Oh wow I didn’t know they put out the entire song. Thank you! Have an upvote.
Hallettsville. Awesome square that gets all lit up at Christmas - great places to eat. The best little town in Texas.
And even worse after 40 years!
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend
The hair is super cool though
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts
I'm not. He and I still thrive. I hope you're doing alright.
Right? It looked wild AF for a baby shower lol
U gotta work hard to get those virgins son.
I hope they caught the bastard
Yeah, I read that the first time. Nobody is forcing you, other than yourself.
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]
I agree, Thats also how I felt when I visited Japan last year
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!
Thank you. If im not authorized to pickup from daycare tomorrow ill get my daughter friday with this court order and the police if necessary.
Underrated comment 🤣
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!
Good luck verifying them. All of them.
"Let me remind you that I'm 5'6"" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous."
Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.
Well you're laid up so you can do some hardcore researching.
I agree that all people deserve respect and to be free from harassment, intimidation, or assault.
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.
Sounds awesome, but I am so out of practice I'd be embarrassed to show up lol.
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...
haha they definitely test for patience... looking at you gov.uk, and the whole of hmrc if I'm honest.
Definitely didn’t give [NAME] a huge scar
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.
Yes I am. Not sure other than to give me your best answer. Yes, walking in your moccasins is my goal. Thank you.
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.
Wait, Mario Odyssey? I love that game, but isn't it a little old to be in the top 10?
I agree but I can’t force him.
I really want pizza right now
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot 
I'm glad you could relate and that you also found some peace and resolution in your relationship. I'm glad we didn't give up!
Very cool of /[NAME] to host me for RPGs last night, and especially for stepping up to run a game on short notice. Thanks homie!
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.
Oh nice!
Uh oh. Ummm, I need to take care of something.
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave 
Well...I really am [NAME], one of the original neckbeards, so maybe?
Even though I'm not the poster thanks for this, I had no idea it was a thing. I'm going to check it out.
His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate
I really like this photo.
It didnt last long sadly
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.
There was a time I said the same thing about Zucker. Hope there's something to that.
True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance
I’m easy going, I take everything with a smile. People around me often comments how I’m always in a good mood. 
"Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance ""friend""."
I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to
Wow this is getting huge
It’s fun until you’re looking back
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.
Happy cake day!
That book is awesome
This is so wholesome! I can‘t wait for Animal Crossing Switch! 😍🤩
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.
YES [NAME], we're rooting for you! 🎉🎉
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that
Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? I’m so sorry that sucks so much
I would agree. It's unfortunate and brutal in its content and in the responses in the thread
I know right, im pre everything but sometimes i paint my nails and people will tell me how much they look like a womands hands.
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead
Bay Area, sorry ;D
I un-ironically love that song
I wanna fight freely in a Da shitposting, but I want the bromance more.
check out victim of ritual he's one of the best [NAME] players around and he uses a pad. It's nothing you can't get used to
It's cool to see more organised stoners too haha
Awesome! I'll see it ASAP. When work won't be this hectic. 😊
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator
I love it here too.
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)
"also rough translation of the chinese: ""very beautiful octopus."" (probably wrong) "
Same, these are awesome!
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.
Thank you!
Lmao stopping a tracking working dog haha.
I didn't find it too bad. I always favoured the 1500m and my wife is from Abu Dhabi
I don't know what would have happened had you tried to get past, but I'm glad you just noped the duck out of there.
Interesting... is it a felony in certain jurisdictions?
OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.
Yeah, my schedule has been brutal for the past 2-3 years. This year it has become my objective to get more involved to get-in with more parents.
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.
Yes that was abuse.
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.
I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!
Better still get the free game!
Thank you, thank you. More people need to hear this.
Whoa, wasn't expecting a rational take on this here on reddit. Well done.
This keeps getting posted. I think not
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now
These 2 are repulsive little kids
Yeah, that makes sense, too. (Did it. Once. When I was like 16)
You could wish for it to cure stupidity atleast. Obviously it doesnt.
That is incredibly disheartening.
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!
Interesting, I’ll have to try it someday 
YES! I can't recommend this TED Talk enough and I think it's really disappointing that many portions of the left have caved in to anti-nuclear hysteria.
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!
Do not go gendered into that good lighting. *takes selfie*
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.
Yes you should tell them and report him to the police for dating someone underage and giving her cigarettes.
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]
This is a good map though.... Just needs some minor QOL tweaks.
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.
I think he meant Centrifugal Bumblepuppy
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger
Still going to keep praying and praying.
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.
It bugs me just how many people move over to be on camera
Breathing out like a dragon keeps me from gagging when i brush the back of my tongue
No no forms or anything. I was pleading with them not to go and it seemed surreal that I was being forced to go
Yes it does count
I cant help it if i dream abt it damn
good point I’ll keep that in mind
Thank you. ❤️
Thank you man whoever you are, this has really helped me. Best of luck to you too
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol
Our 2nd unit is as bad as anybody in the NBA
the truth is sexist, deal with it
Don't do that i think its dangerous
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now. 
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.
Didn't you know, it's all about winning, nothing else matters
This thread is one of worst things I've ever read
Yeah, assuming what he said is true yes he has a chance, but it's hard to say for sure given the circumstances 
Agreed haha.
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy... 
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.
Was really hoping he’d drive off with it (sigh)
Saw it. Loved it. Wasn't hating on [NAME] man, was just commenting on what I was watching lol. 
Your appearance doesn't magically look objectively creepy just because you're a creep. You're being stupid.
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.
He’s just awesome. It’s refreshing in a celebrity
"I'm finding it hard to distinguish ""discuss the merits of conspiracy theories"" and ""debating"" those theories."
Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. 
They're cowards.
Your description fits the type of SB I prefer. I don't see short hair as a negative.
You can do it!!!
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??
Vincentown diner on 206. A lot of farm to table stuff, desserts are excellent, everything I’ve had has been delicious. 
This would be cool for a kids science project about conductors and why metal is such a good conductor
That's why I don't open Instagram that much
Why do y'all gotta be mean like this. They're clearly comfortable with themselves
I used to love watching that show.
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop
Maybe because those are real, tangible things and not lines of code
i love this video
nice one gards!!
surprised he hasn’t mentioned [NAME] after saying [NAME] the best manager/coach he’s ever worked with
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update
What’s the backup lol?
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs. 
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP
Also hate the little 2 wheeled zapper
[NAME] so good. What a gem.
What’s irritates me so much is that rework ideas like this do all the work for ubi, yet they still won’t do it. 
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it
Yeah this angle is nauseating.
Ik man. I probably would too, even though it would probably lead to my death... best of luck to you friend. I hope you find happiness
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.
In my experience, yes.
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].
Because I don't like being fat lol.
This guy died on the inside lol
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones
If you are at the stage where you want to quit then all you have to do is believe you can quit
> Basically tell them to screw off and realize their selfishness You mean my grandparents / aunt?
You're welcome! Happy New year!
Hey everybody we got us an optimist here.
Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.
Great point, that was a silly assumption for me to make. Thank you for your perspective! Editing the post now. 
Funny they put her between [NAME] and [NAME] as well.
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. 
cool vid! but
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.
haha, actually haha
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch
This was going on for like half an hour. He was drunk and causing trouble, so the tram drivers warned each other not to let him up.
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.
Thank you [NAME]!! I say we should add [NAME] to the team!
I was a huge fan of the script ones but the new greens this season look pretty fresh on ice, too. I like bringing the red back in
Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you
I’m glad you’re safe now and nothing bad happened!
Cheers, [NAME]!
I found it really kind.
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.
Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.
I heard rumors of this. From what I understand the plan is to set off nukes to get the core spinning again. Awesome Movie Reference BTW!
I'd be ok with this former Israeli IDF general.
There are racist morons everywhere.
*Trust the plan*
This is beautifully written.
"Is it weird that my first thought was ""at least it's not a Minion?"" "
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.
Take an updoot for making me smirk and smile. It might be immature, but it's hilarious.
Yeah tis marketing tweet from the melbourne AFLW team about their captain seems like marketing being pushed down my throat. You woke af.
Thank you! <3
Thank you. I’ll look into those books.
Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism
Glad you're rid of me? Pretty obviously breaking the sub rules there.
I'm glad we picked a coach who's shown he is great at developing our young talent which is the true focus of this season
Power trip blindness is scary; how someone can't see the obvious aftermath of acting like this with their employees?
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.
Who had sent him threatening notes last week.
Curse them out.
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.
Bro, too close to home. Thing is I wish I could just chill where this monk is at, with a lot of open space.
good luck buddy
I flew off the handle and that's my bad.
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol
I'm mostly impressed that you can get to work from West Seattle in 20 minutes by car.
Great questions. I don't have the answer, but I'm happy that were starting to discuss it.
The man in the picture is a legend since he is the only non toxic and not annoying mic person
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!
One of the best in the series imo
What’s this ?the Olympics. Everyone is getting gold. Lol
Go watch the video where she does [NAME] makeup, [NAME] is super tall, especially compared to [NAME]. 
I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad
"I disagree with everything after ""job."" "
Good thing I don't watch porn lol
We still luv u
If you're going out with a big group then this doesn't seem so bad. Everyone gets something to eat and it's fun.
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.
Wow such a story! This is great art. Can I find more stuff like this somewhere?
You’re looking at hard time mate
Me too. It’s my favorite. His cadence in saying it is so perfect lol.
Fear mongering.
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me
I’ll see you there. I laughed out loud at this one too. RIP.
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show
Damn, that shit's decarboxylated af! That'll get you nice and sleepy... I foresee a weed nap in the near future...
You’re right, I figure I can see just a few games and it might be more fun to watch them with some fellow fans
Looks fade, having a partnership with people that love and care about each other doesn't have to.
Thanks for laugh, I needed that. 
This is dank what the hell
This sub is a fucking joke now
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.
Well all I can say is I'm sorry and May [NAME] open your heart one day.
No. Spend all of it ASAP. Spend the evidence so you can get rid of it quickly and safely while also still being able to buy shit!
Lots of tourists like taking pictures with the locals. Don't feel so bad, OP. It's also entirely possible your father was mistaken. 
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.
I've started downvoting people for mentioning meat or animal products in their comments.
I like to support anybody who supports veganism, especially at places like this, to show them their is a demand, and a future for it
I'm glad you called it because it really is a beautiful and beautifully honest statement.
I did physics and maths, now in astrophysics. It's fun (except for stars, those suck).
Lmao your posts are always good for an eye roll
sorry mr brolobo
I'm at a fighting game tournament and loving every minute of it.
Thank you ! I thought it was funny guess no one else noticed it or thought it was funny:/
I considered becoming a teacher, but then I considered the little bastards would eat me alive.
Hope you're ok!
My error has already been highlighted thanks.
I’m hoping so. I either make peace with it or I decide to move on
Sadly that's probably the worst game I've ever seen [NAME] play.
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.
Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.
Hey, your hair looks great! As a fellow curly girl I'm just wondering what your routine looks like?
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours
Yeah but how is that even possible if 99% of girls who are out are with friends? That’s pretty intimidating
[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness
Don't feel bad I am sure the otters are getting taken care care of just fine.
Worst president ever.
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself. 
Inspiring music that makes you proud.
Keep working at it with your partner. I hope it all works out for you.
Firstly, thanks for pointing it out, and secondly, you should have some sort of [NAME] nearby, he should do the job
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.
I am annoyed by autoplay they added on hover - and commercials would make me drop the subscription instantly.
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.
gotta love some Detroit Sports
Thank you :) I was starting to seriously wonder if something was majorly wrong with my maternal instincts haha
They will never find your body... MORE beautiful than all of your loving friends you wonderful person!
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.
Thanks, that makes sense.
Good luck out there! I hope you find what you're looking for.
"I just hate the ""I don't know"" people"
i also cried
If I'm not mistaken we will have [NAME] as backup next year so not bad at all.
Still a statistical minority by a great deal.
> [NAME] HAHAHAHSHSHAJSHA
It's great with Brave
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.
We have tradable assets next year and cap space the year after. We don’t need to implode to retool.
What a fucking cunt
No, we both know you are liar. Thanks for convincing me to block you.
Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo
Great tips thank you!
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew
I learn things reading about them, but visual triggers also help.
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha
You are not intereating. You are an annoying cunt who should have never been concieved.
Yeah it's like there's no difference between a prostitute or a girl they date except that one is free and has less diseases.
Reddit hates women.
how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie
Stop following me around you one hour old troll account.
No it really is there maybe you suck at google
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D
This isn't about football, [NAME] is a horrible dude.
You are in the right here, and I support your actions
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.
I hope you find him, but WHY didn't you exchange numbers???
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.
Best FHE lesson idea ever.
Fox News devoted 42 seconds on [NAME], wow.
lol what? The worst defense in the league? [NAME] its like we're trying to tank.
That's bad
I agree 100%
It's alright. This is just an unpleasant memory now. Kind of rude of your brother though!
I was really hoping it was the gasping pikachu when I clicked the link, I wasn’t disappointed.
Totally and sorry for that
I really like Funhaus
You're not going to drastically improve in a day to where itll have any significance in a game hours from the postb
I always thought [NAME] wore the most adorable outfits.
I want to come back as a tree
If it's a real challenge for you, u can help you with a ban. Then it's trivial 
Like I said, stunning. But not at all surprising you would reference [NAME]. 
I have a long term plan. I appreciate the concern.
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”
Suck Fat Women.
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!
Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.
LOL THEY DIED? like if you get reference
oh my [NAME] that first post 🤢🤢
Guilty of doing this tbph
Man. Just tuned in. Forgot it was an early game. Looks like it's been a positive game so far from pretty much everyone.
Yes and quite alot of reasons building up. Me, people, past. I hope you will be ok.
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.
That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP
Geez those heroes..
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL
She did mention she loves making costumes
So cynical! 🙄 😂
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!
That kid checking to see if he was still wearing a helmet made me laugh.
Lol. 'have meat on my bones and I'm thick'. Just 'overweight' will do, Captain Redundant.
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.
Sadly, it was not
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.
Just wanted to say I love your username
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm
Oh....yuck
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol
Ah man great memories .. campaigns were soo memorable
What the fuck are you talking about
there is a difference between being a good villain and being insufferable. He has passed that line a few too many times for my liking
At the discretion of NI, which is currently lacking any Assembly or proper representation. Good luck with that.
wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this
This is irrelevant to what we were talking about.
Don’t laugh the way this game went I actually expected he will lay it in... then reality and [NAME] hit... thanks goodness
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.
Thankkks and np
Unless you're trying it with dollarstore shit, don't risk wasting the money. Just enjoy it.
Yeah transgenders are stupid.
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.
How did they respond? You can't leave out the best part.
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.
That will have to be MY cake then!
I used to love to mix addys and Valium 10s though lol!
The problem with crypto is typically when people have a bad feeling about something it rarely turns out well
Looks like the walk of shame. Heading home after a night of partying and to much drinking.
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate
You're a brave man for trying claw, I tried it for a week and eventually got pissed and bought an elite controller. Paddles for days!
Motherfucker!!
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao
The fucking worst game in the world.
All ur damage should have overflowed.. So just choose the best looking one.
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.
You're right, that's a solid advice. I will give it some time and if I am unhappy I will start distancing myself. Thanks!
Oxygen thief is an amazing phrase and I am going to start using it allllll the time, thanks!
I found her advice very insightful. Maybe it will be of use to
But her sister is so much better
This really feels like a jab at [NAME] as opposed to a reconciliation. Hope I'm wrong.
Get out asap.
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...
6'3 guy who wants to be the smaller guy here, [NAME] i feel you
Awesome shot dude!
Then go in loud. I did that my first playthrough
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.
What a legend. True spidey meme master
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird
I agree with everything you said!
Aww, what was your favorite thing you did with him while you were there?
So just for the record, I’m with you on the football end: Love the Broncs, hate the Pats. 🏈
That’s an interesting point, thank you.
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.
This was a year where late breakers broke towards [NAME]. Whereas late breakers broke towards [NAME] in 2016. That explains how she did so well.
The suspension bridges are awesome on sunny days
Thank god. This place was authoritarian.
UGH those two championship games - so many highs and lows then the ultimate high @ the end
Understandable. Thank you for your opinion. Ill move towards due action soon.
That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud
We accept the love we think we deserve - Perks of Being a Wallflower
I’m just in awe because this will actually get so many people up in arms.
Sorry, there was a little bitterness in my voice from how my father treated me. Not directed at OP. I am in the wrong. 
Fuck with these giveaways.
I believe so
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries
[NAME] is great, I love [NAME] content as well.
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that
"I love that! We need a ""We have cookies"" line for her, now!"
I read through this whole chain and your patience is absolutely commendable. Good on you for explaining it in such a level fashion to someone so willfully ignorant,
Nope. Just running from people wielding axes like a normal person. Instead of acting like a tough guy on the internet like you.
I signed up!! I hope your Mother has a wonderful birthday!!
Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.
Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame. 
I’d go at [NAME] every possession. He is so tired out there
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it
What the heck?!
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?
>Federal minimum wage should be closer to $5 That's a horrifying thought.
Really wish we had got something like this!
You really went in to detail, and with valid points. Δ 
No that's your interpretation of the truth. A whore is an old and demeaning term for a professional sex worker. You just get off on being degrading to women.
So much better that way!
Thank you! It sucks but not being a zombie is so worth it!
This should help, especially 3.1: too: New Year and best of luck in reaching your goals!
Min Gung in Glastonbury also has all you can eat sushi. Always a good time!
Doesn't like hearing the truth
[NAME] is both pretty and strong, I think it's a great name!
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. 
"5'11"" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here."
Are you joking??????
it depends on the page you moron.
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.
Yes - 21 of the cases were kids
Yeh thanks man , been into meditation and mindfulness for a longtime , tho maybe not the most dedicated it def helps
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality
It's Incredible! So glad I could help with this! :D
makes no sense, troll harder
How did your consultation go? I would really love to hear what it was like. I'm starting to think about my future consult too.
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.
I really don’t want the I told you so moment to ever arrive. 😔
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people
Explain why you think it’s not. Not that I disagree, but explain your thoughts.
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.
I already did
I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down
That's a great trailer. [NAME] needs more scars though.
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive. 
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.
My contribution for that wonderful
You didn't say they were racist channels
Besides, Canada is extremely choosy about the kind of people they allow in.
Fair enough. But remember, the sooner you spawn, the sooner you'll have that sweet free labour around the house 
I don't think it's duping I think it probably loot cycling you can find almost the military gear from on the coast now.
I'm going to start this weekend! thanks for the tips.
That is definitely an unpopular opinion. Upvoted.
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.
My man!
Thank [NAME].
Oh that's so sad
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach
I'd love to do that one day
I actually found the whole screenshot – without cropping – on r/funny so I mean
Gotta wash your ass somehow. It makes it more funny that someone is as offended by it as you though.
LMAO thank you hunni =] yeah just be w/ your mom then LOL
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. 
This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.
"I misunderstood ""come back strong"" "
Knowing the only evidence they had was your confession: priceless.
Because your very wise mother KNEW who the real wankers were and she couldn't be bothered... Smart lady.
[NAME], Thank you!
Ok, hope you are right
I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!
Need some new prog material, I'm stoked to listen to it!
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.
Seafood is nasty af. I refuse to prepare seafood in my kitchen.
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.
It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.
Well done. I like it!!
I am an atheist and the idea of a god makes me disgusted and angry so I prefer not to be religious
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.
hey of course, I’m glad I could shine some light. Stay strong mate 
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*
I appreciate you stat heads because I never look at TS or really any of that stuff tbh. No advanced metrics for me
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!
What's the point of marching for life when you don't respect those living in front of you? I'll never understand these schmucks.
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad
Wish they'd update Trapper's and Wraith's. They're so boring.
It's a shitty made shirt but if it was done well I'd wear it.
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!
What a crybaby. Don’t drink and drive.
This made me laugh.
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. 
Thank you, next
Ya shitty. But people cheat. I dont know what to tell you 🙃 the world sucks. Just live your life
I cringe at every part of all of this
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM
do your own homework
Please keep your head up, things get better, stay strong. :)
Well who knows what valve thinks. I don’t like Lyrical and Maut either.
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.
Yeah it seems more like a joke than someone Bible thumping
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.
I love the snail's smile. It makes me happy :)
And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢
I wanted to romance [NAME] more than I've wanted to romance more than any other character in the series. Such an awesome dude
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!
np, good luck
That lady is experiencing pure joy
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them
Poeling is looking like a fkn stud. Imagine our C depth next season... [NAME]... holy fuck
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.
good to see your story had a happy ending!
"I agree, but people always respond with ""muh eugenics! Literally [NAME]! Human rights!"""
Cool. Would be happy to know if this worked out for you. I had wasted a bunch of time like you did and was getting frustrated.
You can do it, I believe in you! 
lol at them both getting downvotes
[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum
I’m going to bed nowish, hope you’re ok. HMU if you want.
Lollll the mental gymnastics required not to be embarrassed by admitting you have to buy someone elses hair.... To put on your heads lol like what hhaaha
I have started my 30 day vacation and I plan on relaxing the whole 30. Please do not make plans for me. Discuss them first with me.
At the time, pregnancy out of wedlock was a stoning for having extra marital sex. 
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse
Finally! Now I see what I was doing wrong. PB, thank you!
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!
Weird way to spell Voldo.
[NAME] bless you. Some of us are barely hanging on...
I spend a lot of time worrying about how and why that'll happen to me as I get older.
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)
This just made my day! Thanks for the laugh!!
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.
You will need power by it for the bolt to the level where you want to cut a bit easier to avoid getting it on the box!
Yes!! My favourite film - I came here to suggest it, too. 
I’d lick the juice off Master’s face any day, n-no matter how sour... 
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head
As a vegan, I can't tell you how happy I am to find any restaurant with vegan options! That man should be showering you with gratitude.
Lol, thank you for my first upvote and for contacting the mods. 
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.
I have 100% went to Wendy’s more after realizing I’m attracted to their mascot thanks to sassy twitter memes.
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)
Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort. 
plz no foul trouble
Those splits of Marla's still amaze me! Not only in terms of flexibility, but STRENGTH. Just imagine how heavy that leg is...
So glad my mom didn’t act this way when I was diagnosed.... oh, and my mom was smart and vaccinated me
Wow Toxicity has been done thousands of times, becoming less and less original, try something new. NEXT! 
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**
LMAO I love hockey
Lol I don't hate these tbh at least they're real
the idea is bad dude. that's the problem.
Happy New Year to all my fellow Asuka mains and all you dirty bastards who show no hespect. Cheers!
Funny thing, I work at a restaurant and it happened today, which is what pushed me to post this. 
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food
[NAME] insists it went off the glass, i trust him!
I am. I will read those threads as soon as I find some time. But I have got some great insight on this threat regardless.
Everyone knows that the rich have a secret cure for cancer! /s
Im looking for this, but I predict a 3-1 win to barça. I really hope [NAME] doesnt bore me
Sucks to suck
Damn this is really uplifting.
Good [NAME] we look horrible
Happy late birthday :) I hope you got to spend it with someone/doing something that makes you feel happy and whole.
Thanks for the help but just went for the delete all option somehow still kept my ranks so idk what the fuck that all was evennabout
"I wish they can a option to change it back after the ""upgrade"" because it feels more like a downgrade"
"But still, crying ""castrate all pedophiles"" because they could be potential rapists is like crying ""kill all men, they are all potential rapists."" "
Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best
I laughed several times
That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
Also very funny that communists can still expect it to end up in a different end-game. Well not funny though. :
If this is actually real it is really fucking stupid.. 400mg of nicotine!? Clearly you're looking for something stronger, might as well try heroin..
Thank you for this, so excited!
Goth pale is lovely.
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut
Gift from [NAME]
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part
Lol’d at your flair
I'm sorry for your loss
"I'm more worried about him scamming children than ""oNLY"" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100."
Those boots look very warm but I can't imagine wearing them inside. She does look cool though
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man 
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..
Nothing ocular about that smackdown. Raunchy just peaked all over [deleted].
Much better 2nd quarter, keep it up guys.
Oooff I really hope this doesn't happen 😰😨😰
You are AMAZING. I especially love the woman !! :)
Horrible night for dodo
too much internet
I think you mean what a factual statement.
Picture was gorgeous. What TV is that?
Gotta love [NAME].
It was pretty good, I didn't have the patience to see *all* the endings myself but spoilers exist on reddit for the curious (; 
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid
This is interesting. You want to share experiences with her but not necessarily have sex with her?
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though
You're an awful human being.
So happy for you two !! ❤️
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.
This is so tough for all of you! I'm so sorry!. Are you in Canada? I would push hard for a pediatric gastroenterologist.
Tell me about it. Talk about evil icecream haha
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.
Thats pretty sweet.
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.
Haha! I realized that after your comment. Definitely not trying to walk in Loubs with a peg leg LOL
I really like this play on words.
I knew this was coming! Amazing!
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.
Which makes it even weirder that he hasn't played [NAME] yet. He seems born for that role.
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.
if you look closely, the joke is people fighting on the internet for literally no reason
If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!
I’m interested!
Considered going for the 1st time this year, then I see all the ads targeting kids specifically. Feels weird as a 26 year old seeing all this..
[NAME] has stolen my heart.
Im from Austria, so im supporting TSM from EU. Would appreciate to Share my thoughts.
What the FRICK
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.
I absolutely hate the guy. Can't stand him. But we live in country with laws and he broke none. I think lynch mobs are more gross
Clamato? I see you Canada. And I like it. By the way, we need Wonderbars here in the US. Thanks
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.
This is disgusting.
It was pretty cool seeing him play all the horrible games based off his childhood stardom on AVGN’s YouTube channel. Fucking [NAME].... Bane of my childhood.
I don't need any [NAME]. But if At the Gates actually I made a game, I'd be interested.
ah, thanks!
Thanks! I've just been so irritable. I am proud of myself and my husband too.
I was waiting for the delayed explosion and holy cow! That was insane!
I'm crying.
Its a tough thing, but our government NEEDS to be downsized drastically. I just hope the affected employees have help with the transition.
I was dying when he said we got to make love or be a crime
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point
Wow, thanks whoever did the silver❣ put a ray of sunshine into an otherwise cloudy day! 
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
 that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure
You need professional help for that level of paranoia.
You definitely have a sexy [NAME] look going on.
Same, there was no thanks or consideration that they’d just given her the ‘night off’.
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.
the ALTERNATE caption! good thinking!
And they lived happily ever after.
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that 
Start sending her a text when you go into the shower. Tell her you're starting your shower and you'll be ten minutes. See what happens.
Not starting it at that temperature is a great way to drain your car of an ability to start. Pick your poison.
I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah
Black Mirror is great.
username definitely checks out
Being compared to [NAME] is a compliment because he’s funnier than I’ll ever be soooo
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. 
This primary doesn’t deserve this nice birthday.
I set the house on fire and almost killed my entire family
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.
That was helpful to hear, thanks for your response! 
That was something I was told as well. It makes sense. Thanks for verifying that as an option.
I didn't like this, not for even one second. 
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight
Best of luck to you too. sorry to hear that. Here's to No contact!!
Am I not supposed to have what I want, what I need
uh, i don't see the correlation between tons of rape and murders in Georgia and the rich needing to be taxed more, but i do agree.
"Never liked hip hop. Grew up around gangster life style, hated it. I also laugh at the ""mythology"" that grew up around it. "
I’m sure you’ve been accosted many times by the cops, or as I call them “[NAME] fash squad” !!!
This is a great troll. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is serious.
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]
Adding a few projectile characters only made the game better, not worse. Bars can go though.
I enjoyed watching the crazy old man being dragged out at the end.
New year home boy. You can still change. If not, 2020 is your time to shine boiii
Good deal, thanks
gag me (notice the nearly matching wardrobe colors)
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?
I was living for him. Now he left me. I'm not gonna live anymore.
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video
I hope you have a wonderful cake day!
I'll do these changes. Thanks!
There was no Israel then dumbass!
I really like this OP, going to start doing something similar - thank you! 
I FUCKING WIN
Thank you Burger King! Source
Now THIS IS shitposting
Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations
That is so adorable. Her username as well.
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams
All without a red circle, color me impressed.. 
Aww thank you. That’s very sweet.
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex. 
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. 
Hi, I just fix it, I just had to clear the cookies
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.
"Can you imagine if management was like ""Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."""
yes. to the above number i provided :) hope it’s helpful!
I'm not going out of my way to watch it but I might channel flip
This makes me feel so much better about the things I’ve done that make me cringe.
Damn. I love peppermint.
unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent
thanks i won't click
That's beautiful.
Hence the apology note.
Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.
Midnight has been 4/4 pro league teams they have played so far, so I wouldn't be too sure they're gonna be bottom feeders
> make sure you register the claim against them and hit their credit score how does one do this?
Hahahahah, I will consider
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗
Not exactly a question but thanks for all you did on the Mets.
>Yes. I’m an idiot. Checks out.
You are one pathetic human being.
That's definitely sexism, same with that ad
Keep on auto aiming bud. One day you'll get good maybe haha.
I was trying to click on a baby flamingo but I'm not mad
This is really great!!
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)
I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now
You’re a joke
It will be interesting if there is a response to that at the federal level.
"This is a ""lose in the 11th round of the shootout"" type game"
Best pancakes in town!!
The US version of The Office isn’t even the best version of The Office, never mind the best comedy ever.
Lol really?
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.
What a beautiful response!
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.
I missed this. Wow that is a travesty
I'm glad to have made a bad time a little bit better. Stay safe!
At least he had some good cushioning.
Have thought most of the game was OK with some bad calls both ways... These last 5 min tho...
I haven't seen the chet response, but I cannot imagine myself not telling that person to go to hell and enjoy a lone existence.
You're a big guy.
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.
Sir excuse me my mother says i am a very handsome young man.
Lots of them are in really beautiful unique buildings. The one in folkestone in particular is pretty amazing.
You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.
That government was not democratically elected. But you knew that already.
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend
Intentionally frightening the Queen is an indictable offence. (Max 14 years) Criminal Code
That sub sounds boring as fuck.
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D
Thank you. People always forget that The Happiest Days of Our Lives is essentially part of that song.
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’
He looks like a genuinely nice guy. He doesn’t look fat and greasy
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl
"Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole ""milinials dumb"" shit."
I go “thank you very much, come agaaain”. /s and I’m Indian
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.
I wish this was animated.
I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.
lmao it's true. I'm cracking up about it.
Thank you so much I am so proud of myself!
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!
I refuse to accept that
My whole life’s been a lie
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. "
That must smell so good. Oh i want some now.
This is what makes this sub so valuable, crazy and fun.
Bless them!
Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.
Thanks for sharing this with me btw. I shared the video with [NAME] and it was a hit
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.
My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods. 
Yeah more and more I play BFV I just find myself wishing this thing or that thing was more like the old BF’s.
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. 
I HATE that song...I did not vote for it. A few of my songs I liked went at around 60-70
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!
Thanks ill try those things. I have access to adhd meds but i began losing a kit of weight with my chronic illness too
You can humanize and normalize everything.
Yay! Nice work everyone. I love reddit.
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness
[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander
Just wait until you're 36 and in a solid career so you can marry a used-up foid who only wants you for your betabux, bro.
I wish they would put dfs in for [NAME] right now
They wanted all the shows to be based in New York. Seems like a weird reason but that’s what [NAME] said
I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.
Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.
Ah, victory 
I like this story way better than parvo.
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.
I've always thought [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are beautiful.
"Game still ""fun"" if you don't tryhard and play on QM but some people are trolling on other mode and that's Can be hard for nerv."
Boom! Thank you I’m going to check out your Channel
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.
The Imperial is the best gay bar in Sydney. PERIOD.
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude
Females would be pressured the other way obviously
Yeh lol. Reddit acts as if he's hitler when he doesnt even get that many views. I
Yeah, it does that to me on my laptop. Nothing just happens. If I try on mobile I just get that error message.
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
No sure what’s going on here, but [NAME] was one of my absolute favorites growing up
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.
Never doubt the crazy can get cranked up, as they say, hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
So very sweet! Brotherly love
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...
This is the funniest shit I've seen all day.
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.
Wow, that's quite a depressing article. I agree with points being made, but slow down with the doom and gloom.
No problem, good luck
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.
[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going
I’m down for destruction at anytime. Destruction is my best friend! But hope you feel better, heart breaks do indeed suck. 
Glad that [NAME] continues to be himself even in a mystery fortress. I doubt I'll ever play another game as good.
We love our murder queen
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!
Oh my gosh 😂. I do believe it!!
This is my favorite wild memory
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.
It keeps more people employed that way.
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.
Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.
Yes my man
I merely suggested he see a doctor based on some weird symptoms he is having that cause him to not be able to interact with others very well.
I know, I'm training. Only a semi-cursed word with a number as the user seems coincidental.
Ph and Tesla doesn't do advertising. So any mention like this is fun to see
I figured it would be “the joke is always real in the comments.”
I wish. But sadly my job relies on other people so I just can't be the sole person
"I love when that happens. I call it ""butt cuddles"" and we do it all the time lol!"
Im glad youre going to be a perfect parent who never makes any mistakes. Make sure you write a book!
That's reasonable and pretty inexpensive for a 75 mile round trip.
Cool story bro
Studid fuckin idiot
by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun
"The amount of actual debating about who is ""best girl"" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill"
[NAME] for sure. I really hope we don’t lose [NAME] though. He’s basically our ace for the moment.
11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)
Is this the best that you could come up with?
They're demonized because they're annoying.
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. 
Geezuz, this brute is damn hot. I'm In Love. 
That’s adorable! I hope they stick with it!
Doesn't mean any of those thing you liked are going to change. Not immediately anyways.
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. 
Shabbat Shalom! Thank you for sharing, I really like your videos, keep up the good work!
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3
Excuse me who the hell is that?
Her track record is pretty shaky
I laughed way harder then i shouldve
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.
Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁
Thank you for saying so! I have loads more where that came from on my soundcloud.
Very astute observation.
It's fucking laurel you god damn yanny hearing fascists.
So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million
That’s kind of what makes the “guest” response funny, how did it get there?
[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long
No but I will now. Thanks!
One wrong kick can end oh so horribly
Yea I guess I did. I forget how popular the bulls brand is overall. I just hate when people call others dumb because they talk/tweet in slang.
She’s so hot. Also happy cake day
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...
How do you hire the former DA? That sounds super helpful...
That’s amazing! I’m so happy for him!
He showed how easy it is to get into a team and gain fame.
I think it's the pass rush and that nobody can stay healthy and, but it could be [NAME]. He's not the greatest
Seeing Capital Cities live so learning to sing Chartreuse out of excitement.
would give gold if I had it haha
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?
I grew up SDA as well. That probably explains my disdain for religion in general.
that's weird... playing Smash Ultimate usually just makes me feel like drinking.
Even after the initial testing? Thank you!
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔
Thanks man, it’s sucks that I’m paying to get left on read
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!
I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.
I believe in traditional gender use in language.
Get an ultra balm if you want, it's amazing for cracks! 
Thank you. Language is weird. Why do you have multiple words for the same thing?
Probably just do the job and try to work out your anxiety rather than taking the path of least resistance which offers no character growth. Best of luck
I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;
And if she isn't? That relationship could be wrecked and your friend destroyed for nothing
That sounds awful. Do you like that schedule?
Hawaiian shaved ice is THE BEST!!!!
Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.
Look I don’t mean to be rude but w
Yeah me, I'm blaming my medication tho.
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**
Happy cake day, just in case
It happened and I'm very happy
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.
I live in America and wish I could support them but they're on the wrong coast.
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
It’s only missing a line that says “who was born in June” for absolutely no reason
I’m impressed.
Lol, ..probably not. But then again, i never wanted to know what blue waffles were and somehow i do. 
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.
For her? Nah
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.
Love the username
Great! Can't wait :)
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.
Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.
Weird but interesting nonetheless.
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die
So, so good
the good ol days
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.
Haha didn’t even notice. It’s staying.
I couldn't agree more.
Walmart is a special kind of hell.
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves
SKYRIM!! Hahaha
I'm only saying it because I'm jealous :(
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach
Not look much beautiful.
Well [NAME] just missed...so there’s that bit of good news
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.
"I love you so much. > **""putas""** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)"
Wow. All that up and down cycling. These people must feel 80 by the time they're 30.
Yeah no haha. Out of my price range tbh
Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.
I work with food - being able to eyeball tbs for recipes is an odd perk I never thought about. Thank you.
Get [NAME] back on the wing. Looks awful in this position
Thanks so much for typing out such an expansive, detailed response!
I wish the federal government would step in to take care of people. It’s overwhelming to care for them on a city or even state level.
I didn't turn the sounds on because I'm in bed and it LOOKS nasally
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.
Thanks for not running our prospects in the Pre-Season anymore!
But it’s so hideous
"I instinctively thought that meant ""That's gotta hurt"""
>I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! 
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous 
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao
Lets make a new reddit. Everything here is a repost anyways. r/conspiracy is the most fun though. Lets start from scratch.
The world is backwards, nowadays. Where people defend _GaNgStAs_ because it's culturally and politically correct, and then shame those who protect and serve. Makes me bleed rage.
Thank you.. Makes my heart happy that someone can appreciate this thread :)
Brilliant! Like I said to the other dude, anything that's similar to this is a happy coincidence:)
[NAME] “Good! It’s such a distraction to the team!”
I'd still try to pet it
This is amazing!! I love it!
And Mac and cheese is shit too. If a grown man has to eat children's food, then STAHMs can get minimum wage jobs
“we love [NAME]!”
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.
This question belongs in askreddit or the like. They can deal with the sexist crap this is going to dredge up.
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.
Sweet thanks for the update. I hope the kitty finds a good home
It sounds like you project a lot of anger...maybe letting things go, relaxing and slowing down is your solution.
People are idiots....sheep don't magically become independent thinkers just because their food source changes
Yeah lazily typing a naughty word to some retard on the internet is a real indicator of being angry rofl
Don’t worry I did not disappoint your mother
Sidhu Moose Wala. He's pretty big right now
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever
Why would [NAME] even care lol Reminds me of that [NAME] [NAME] I see a lot
Amazing. Professional athletes doing what they're paid to do.
this has happened to me twice...most embarrassing shit
Lucky you got a sane dad. Get ready for a world of crazy... just don't get sucked into her toxic world. Good luck.
Yes, he needs to sit the fuck down, that's all I have to say.
Yeah I think most of what [NAME] says is sensible policy but this would be a step too far.
Do you have any recommended places? A lot of the sites I’ve looked at want you to pay, kinda hard when your broke lol. 
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.
It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!
good lookin out bro
Hey, take that grade with all the pride you can muster--no shame in being happy for an accomplishment! Congratulations!!
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]
Those are female toes. Busted!
DJ finding consistency makes me happy
Jokes are even more terrible lately
Now that's brilliant... 30? woah. I'm only 19, hope it doesn't take me that long 
That’s scary
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.
Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes
What kind of dove is he? He is soooo pretty!!
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me
Exactly. I have yet to see a plus sized model without a blemish-free, conventionally attractive face.
I just shit my pants. Then walk away. Embarrassing enough he won't press or follow you.
Why slum it if they’re giving you actual cost?
When it's the same composer, this kind of thing is bound to happen.
As long as he knows [NAME] won’t take his shit lol
This isn’t true right? That would be incredibly funny
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers
Congratulations fellow lobster!!
I hope so. Either [NAME] or [NAME] deserve it the most
And let us not forget the lord's privilege with a new bride. Ahhhh......the good old days.
Don’t tell me what to do.
Still the greatest timeline tho
I do. but some people love it
"Funny you should mention that since your entire presumption rests on other people interpreting ""well regulated militia"" in the same incorrect manner you do."
Wish a cute girl would stare at me.
This is much better! Good mods [T]/
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....
I wanna see [NAME] get in [NAME] face like this
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].
Every Saturday for the foreseeable future will be spent studying for the LSAT. Fuck
/uj this looks fucking delicious
Fuck I’m hungry now.
Thank you. I realise I have to start from scratch
Really? I live down the street from there, thanks!!!
My bad. Was half asleep while typing and couldn’t remember how to spell😂 I just let autocorrect take over, thanks! Lol
great pass wiggins
Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.
[NAME] loves it
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.
FUCK, THANKS!
Haaaa! That's awesome! Sounds like my town, Alamogordo, New Mexico.
Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.
Hope you’re ok mate!
Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.
No. It’s not. This is disgusting behavior and anyone who supports it is a fool.
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.
We might now be almost maybe nearly ready to potentially maybe play finals. I think [NAME] will make the finals this year. They'll be the surprise team.
How dare you
[NAME] i’m so addicted to watching Narcos in bed. it’s so damn good
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...
🙄 i hate these people.
I wanna learn how to sharpen a knife where I can basically shave vegetables like that
If it was six, I would have accepted it as just some crude humor
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol
Mi Patio Mexican restaurant on 7th ave and Osborne. Their chimi is amazing.
Shrug, ndp is still going to lose. I don’t really care how many there are.
Awesome, thanks. Great answer.
Here we go, ya'll ready for WW3...this time we're the baddies! 
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]
Doesn’t sound like it’s going to work out, sorry dude
[NAME] was attractive physically and got a match. [NAME] wasn't unattractive in his behavior and got an invitation for sex.
It's weird how quickly I agreed with you. Usually I'da been more incredulous.
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.
Well... this should get interesting.
I was having a good day. We were ALL having a good day.
0% But then again most of us on here aren't placing top 8 at majors so that could factor in
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD
It’s fitting. All things Considered.
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner
Don't let loneliness get in the way of growth. Grow my man, grow!
Always worth a try. Good luck!
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives
I needed this laugh like... damn. This comment is just as good as the OP and the OP is pretty amazing. 🙌
That sounds fun. I think I can make it. I have tickets already. I’m excited to see [NAME] play as well.
You two seem nice.
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media. 
She’s my favorite too. She is indeed hella cute.
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself
Huge loss. Good job boys! Now go out there, give your best and prove that [NAME] didn't die for nothing!
Disgusting. This is blatant nepotism, and that man should be ashamed.
[NAME] just put a huge hole in my heart.
I’ll never do long distance again. Good luck broski.
Then keep your hands visible and fight the ticket in court. Don’t understand how this is such a complex issue.
I've long completed everything I can and spent all my fight money. No Kage for me
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)
5 1/2 years until the presidential next election... Let's hope [NAME] can figure something out in that time.
thanks... I've added both these to my growing animal multi-sub... =D
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.
You die.
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY
Just be sure to take some condoms with you.
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that
I agree, this subs being a little overly toxic about it
It would still be like hardcore then, you start a new life but retain nothing from the last
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.
[NAME] woulda been better smh
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/
I just came out of the restroom after crying from laughter watching that and my brother asked me if everything is okay
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.
It's such a relieving feeling to know you're finally gone. You never have to go back. You are so strong you got this!!
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart
Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness
I feel like it's the 90s when everybody wanted to make a record label
This has been my dream for years!!!
He was just trying to sit down I think. Poor guy, doesn’t deserve all this shit from reddit.
I like long hair but it's never been a huge consideration in love.
I can finally block Post Mallone and all that repetitive weird rap that ppl play on my Spotify during parties.
I’ll just take this as an apology and bid you farewell AM x
Cause she's being doing drag for the amount of my lifetime lol
The duck looks very dignified. Some might even say he looks presidential.
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.
Man I hate kids
And people try to hold that against [NAME] when they should hold that against the Packers organization and Front Office...Their Front Office stopped trying, not [NAME].
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.
Wish the blasters were more like BF1
"""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"""
Yeah truly ugly people never post their pics on rateme subs.
No worries. Glad you like it
I will, eventually. Thank you for the kind words.
I thought you were just going to wait her out. You actually engineered her loss of space to someone else. WELL DONE!!!!
Wow excellent shot
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.
Ya know... a helmet never hurt anyone
Like an idiot.
That is genius.
Yeah Stupid Sexy groening
No! Mom said it was MY turn!!!!
she'd probably do this
What about [NAME]? [NAME] I hate her.
im not talking about a studio. im talking about *people*. people that you're lying about, because you're an uninformed yet arrogant, entitled child.
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!
Yes, I just watched it. Thanks man! Cheers!
honestly i don’t mind it but ik some people do and i rly don’t care enough to get into that
This just really motivated me. Thanks
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies
Mine is Woman by [NAME] 😂 I get the chills when I hear that song. Maybe it is a hymn?
ya lol i’m not here to depress myself more than i already am
Someone just vandalized this poor guys car in the target parking lot lol
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.
"you said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false"
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .
This is a very good meme op but I hope you're doing good:)
Hey I'm from Htown too! What bar did you used to work so I know to stay away? Haha congrats on leaving!
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!
But you do know it, so that's good
hahaha. ask a person u hate for coffee. as an introvert with [NAME]. this cant go wrong
A crime more sinister cannot be imagined!
Now ask me if I care. It's irritating and stupid.
We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy
Damn i guess people shouldn't steal. Or smoke
This blows. But I think [NAME] can do it alone if he gets a home health care assistant.
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.
that made me feel bad for nw
That is a good idea. It may be hard for him to make any progress with him coming over so often. Thank you for you input!
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!
I AM THE GOLDEN GOD
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.
🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death 
[NAME] you’re such a shill for this FO it isn’t even funny anymore
I love how they cannibalize each other.
If this is the original Thai (I think) one then I would say it was a pretty good watch. Haven’t watched any other versions
I’d choose the kind amateur over the ignorant flamer any day, no matter what rank are they.
It's sad, but yes, zero. 
LMAO me too! Just give us the life sentence and be done with it 🤣
"I know, right? What an embarrassment that local news would call that thing a ""tractor""."
This is my fiancé and I hate it
Maybe he thought they meant HOKEY!!!! Like “the hokey pokey”. Lol
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.
"[NAME] is a 6'5"" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend."
Nah see that's the kind of pessimism that makes you more depressed. Even if they're not genuine you can still take it to heart.
[NAME] looks so much better than she did at the premiere. Her lashes aren’t fucked up and the high pony is great.
PLEASE!!! That’s on a PERFECT day! I live here. Trust me. NOT always that simple!
[NAME] had a great idea about this problem actually
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me
This isn't really wholesome
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.
Worst CB we’ve had in recent memory
True but I think that's what the other poster was thinking at least
Amazing, thanks for posting.
Not a perfect game with the error
Apologies, sir
Such dumbass,I think I'm going to take my dog somewhere else
You're right. Lets see what Fox News Analyst Lt. Col. [NAME] has to say about Fox
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...
Thank you!!!!
Sorry you are having such trouble.
*I bring you Love!*
Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know
Ok cheers mate thank you
> Portland seems awesome from the outside, not so much once you're there. big fax here folks
I play EVE and I’m a moron. If I can do it, anyone can. 
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸
It’s misleading. Better article:
Thanks this was a cool article. The Shedd means a lot to me as it was where I went the first time I met the love of my life
Quite the blasé article.
Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again 
I like [NAME]. Sue me.
An extreme strawman example doesn't change what I said.
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.
Lol I need to see this movie again.
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot
Just go try and by one piece fan after got end!
That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. 
One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.
that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing
Interesting that these two have made such a splash. I might check into this season if it's worth watching.
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!
I wouldn’t recommend expensive brands in this subreddit. People get irrationally angry and condescending.
Always go for someone you like and feel connected to.
Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...
But [NAME] is fine
Less is definitely more. That picture is just kind of forgettable old meme material. This post feels like old keyword stuffing.
I agree. Your last sentence is definitely a better way to word it
Honestly, this would creep me out a bit.
Thank you for the archived link, I have a NYT paywall .
Thank you...
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG
When you dint know Anarchism at all so you think you can be anarchist and capitalist at the same time !
I'm already a member :[NAME] Already posted it there too.
As a non-legalistic [NAME], I wholeheartedly agree. :)
You’re the one who is stupid
Still a bit of redesign & this would look much better.
youre a disgusting piece of filth.
Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.
You're right... But look at that badass black leather jacket.
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.
I had my YouTube set to 1.25x speed and didn't notice until I watched this so thanks
Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn
Peering into the void Out of the abyss Something stirs Terrible secrets _____ Hope is lost Once it wakes [NAME] is dead
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol
We are simply comrades in feed! Accept this glorious future!!
This is the best news I've heard in weeks. Source: Albertan where scum like wolves of odin are multiplying like fruit fly's.
What is dutch crunch bread? It sounds delicious!
Nah man you need to have NEGATIVE IQ to enjoy that show, cuz the weed ain't working.
There's a reason that the 'Best Girl' achievement exists.
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him
Yeah, right. [NAME] can marry [NAME] for that matter, as it seems only his genius is keeping her on the throne.
Its the same processus for LoL isn't it ? Haven't played lol for a long time but i remember using golds to unlock characters too !
Hyde Park was beautiful this morning, frosty grass and the morning sun just catching the trees enough to make them glow. 
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. 
It is fascinating that people spend billions of dollars on superhero fantasy yet they hate a real life superhero.
I wish yall would stay off the fucking roads when youre drinking beer. Mind you, on a bike I may just get that wish after your first night out.
this is so niche but i still felt that shit in my bones
Ashamed of being British
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it
As a killer main that sounds like bs, and makes me even more likely to treat 3v1 as a fun round
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.
You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.
yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.
I was about to lose my shit but then I finally found the Plumbus
Get em chief, fuck em, I find those people annoying as hell and I barely even use Instagram/twitter
I borrowed an old wedding dress from a museum. It was a one size fits all kind of dress. Thank goodness!
That might’ve been the worst pass he’s ever thrown. Yikes
Yeah he does give intense and memorable performances. He didn't get to speak in Mad Max for like half an hour but he was still riveting.
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)
Congratulations! I know it’s a hard thing to quit, I’m proud of you. 
I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.
Not all men harass women, but enough of them are that all women have *been* harassed by men.
You really need to learn to read. 32 isn't too late!
Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.
cutest vid I've seen in a while
Wow! You've put my relationship in words I couldn't think of.
Soooo.... He basically just admitted he didn’t get his kid shit for Christmas. What a fucking asshole!
Love it [NAME]
This is the kinda stuff that is cute in romantic comedies. It just depends on how much you like him.
Omg just drink some water then bro lol
Awesome and interesting response!
I have, Just i cant talk with them now, ill try to as fast as possible, thank you for your advice! 
Unfamiliar with **[NAME] neighbours** Still I live at least 75' from 2 very nice quiet and respectable peeps.
Thank you for the references!
MEEEEEEEEE. Most people don't get my humour, but every now and then somebody does and we non-stop laugh together. 
Peep show is so damn good
Haha, yes.
It may have been funny in 2010, but now it's completely unorginal and boring. 
I'm so proud of you!
Saw it at work this morning, christ the clouds were beautiful
I stand fully corrected, thank you!
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying. 
Imagine being an Iowa AND Northwestern basketball fan this year...
Happy new years!!!!
Thank you!!!! for being one of the sound minded people here.
Wow...is that true? I’d love to see more on that. Can you provide any links or documents on that?
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!
stop making me cry man
Oh I see...I keep trying to do the move everytime they're down. Thanks for the clarification.
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.
Thanks for the encouragement, it means a lot! Glad you liked it, seeya around 👌
Usually it's not entertainment, it's mostly curiosity and fascination. Like when you see something horrible, but can't turn your eyes away.
This is terrifying
Good job. :)
Uh no. He hates [NAME]. Not in A kayfabe way. He doesn't like [NAME] at all.
Fun fact: 3 is both my favorite number and my lucky number!
Mr. Steal Yo Perfect Season
Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.
I’ve never stolen anything to do this with an Italian accent.
Means behave like you are a sexual Tyrannosaurus.
Yes, I know. But thanks, no damage to the second car and just some scratches on mine.
makes me wish friendly fire was a feature
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.
thank you it’s just odd it randomly showed up and hasn’t always been there
I think this is my favourite one ever.
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell
Know when to shut up, you have to. Needs to learn she does. Nice job.
I mean, it's aight
You have to try really hard to get banned on this sub.
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!
Pretty cool that the same building is there just a different use.
Congratulations! As a fan of impulsiveness and craziness, I could not support this haphazard mayhem more. Best of luck to you both.
True. Guys who are legitimately ugly (a facial deformity) don't even have the chance to make an impression.
So TD tried putting an invisible downvote button for real?? Didn’t stop me from downvoting their idiocy.
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad. 
The number of pedos is too damn high!
Lmao that's a funny coincidence
Yes but they deliberately ignore what the Bible says and give their pagan traditions more authority than they do to [NAME] Word the Bible.
Yes, yes you did
I made this a 41 from a 42, so satisfying!
She is renowned for her versatility.
Had she gone into the left shoulder before braking she may have had a chance.
Carlton back to back wooden spooners. Champions of the bottom.. :)
They then went to a piano concert together. This conflict is amazing in it's twists and turns.
It’s actually not. But i agree.
I love this information!
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤
This dvd must be pretty hard to come by if it’s going for $49... thank you though I appreciate it.
loving the salah hate
I’m crying omfg
I always loved the voice he did here.
"No. I'm against the idea that one can ""liberate"" farm animals in the same way we can liberate human societies."
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly. 
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling
I just hope a GM believes in [NAME] as much as this Raptors fan. Maybe [NAME] could give us something valuable to get this future MVP back.
Yay I feel so uplifted!!!
Didn't look that thick either...no snow....this was ending badly no matter what.
Damnit, it was *Flavor-Aid*, not Kool-Aid.
It can't be, I won't believe it.......this is some antivawers bulls**t xD
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.
What's with the buying porn thing? I missed out on it
I appreciate it, that's good to know. I hope I'll have to apply that knowledge one day
"That face screams ""Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"""
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha
Doing a good job getting Dell involved.
i prefer this
There is a difference, because unless something had given them encouragement, they'd still be feeling negative about it. 
Holy [NAME], our hope and handmaid of the [NAME], pray for us!
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)
Well yeah! Doesn't everyone? I'm in the one about ED. I guess I'm a natural deflator. 🤷
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D
Goddamn right!
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.
>Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely
You're clearly reporting all of my comments, and then acting like you don't know why they could get deleted haha, that's hilarious.
Thanks dude. Wish you the best with OP, personally I'm done.
So excited for the mauve album
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.
[NAME] I wish that were me.
Ahhhh fond memories
one quick glance at your comment history negates any value in this comment
Is that the only symptoms you’ve noticed? Are you normally worried for social situation?
Wonderful :D, she looks like [NAME] from Frozen, or [NAME] form Dota 2. Great job!
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine
for how long, you arent fucking with me?
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.
But they still go around the houses, 111 is long as fuck though.
I did not even realize he was injured...
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.
You’re a genius.
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.
[NAME] family must be having a field day there today!
"It's hilarious that he thought you were a woman when you literally have ""man"" in your username. "
Yeah, thank him for helping support this legislation
Definitely, I'd do that. The league pass deal isn't awful though.
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?
[NAME] somehow guides Killie to both 2nd and 3rd place, this frees up an extra relegation spot and Hamilton are finally flushed. 
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.
Same here. I drink a pint of water? No bathroom needs for at least two hours. Pint of beer? Half an hour, tops.
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.
Alright thanks ill try, (but thats like dark souls on ng 100 XD)
That’s a joke between our buddies. A euphemism of sorts...
"I always say ""Good Luck!"" ""Well Played"" after winning/losing match."
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...
I really hope this is what happens.
Baby you was right
Handsome with dark touch!
i’m so glad you’re doing good now! have a great new year and keep pushing on my guy!
I did marry [NAME]
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.
[NAME]. 
Lol I’m sorry for your dogs ears
This is great
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.
Same. Glad it's not just out store.
Just stop.
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.
You seem like a well adjusted individual
Love [NAME] more.
Lol, pretty sad that even in your fake revenge fantasies you come across as a huge asshole.
i think u mean symfuhny lol
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!
I can’t wait
Was there for a game v the lions in in 2016- WELL WORTH IT!
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.
Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video
Aaaaaand soccer! Hopefully...
Thanks for the suggestion, I’ll definitely have to hit that up once it gets a little warmer!
This is genius! I’m going to start doing this now too. Thanks!
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.
A RACK ON IT YEEEEEE GONNA LIVE BET THAT SHIT AND SECOND HALF 3K let’s goooo
Wow dad, you took a baptismal for me
Lmao Stole my joke! 😂
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.
It's so freaky. I'm a 40 something and the stock photos and really odd taglines are just baffling to me.
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it
Lol same.
I am still confused a bit lol
I think that's also what I'm saying so we're good.
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.
Ignorance is the worst thing that can happen to someone
What he said is entirely untrue fyi
You know what I love abou you [NAME]? Octopussy. Man, I must have seen that movie... twice.
Man I wish they wouldn’t
And KAT with 6. Weird game.
I hope he learnt more in his degree than that
I was hoping to hear this. I'm up for it I think. I'll download it tomorrow.
Why? He was always brilliant. It was such a shame he lost out to [NAME]. Things would have been very different today...
My favorite band :) I recommend them to anyone who is looking for something new to listen to. Fun and unique. I love them so much.
Intrusive thoughts happen in anxiety disorders, although I'm not sure if that's what you're describing here
What’s worse is that the judge and businessman are old college buds.
Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.
That sounds awful. Glad its from 4Chan, so I know its fake.
Yea the flash fan combo’s purpose is literally for killing one person. Idk what he’s talking about. Lmao
Ha, ha your mad!
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.
I finished high school back in 2010 friend but yes good luck to me for the weekend 😎
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.
More insults, [NAME] said my bit now all you have is a show that proves what I said to be the truth, nothing more nothing less.
Yes, I wouldn't have said it if it weren't true lol. It's owned by InBev which is a Belgian company. 
Polls are closing now! If you're waiting to vote, stay in line! Results should be in shortly!
[NAME] are as anti-men as democrats. Forcing your kids to be masculine because they're boys is as bad as brainwashing them with feminist crap.
OMG I’m dying she said carrot!!!!
[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.
Roger that thanks
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?
Omg that sounds like a really intense experience, how'd you save yourself after the feeling of intense happiness? 
Agreed. But considering their poor cars were carrying 1200+ lbs of weight, that might slow things down lol
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform
Thanks man I will check into it.
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.
CHUCK THE WAGONS MAMA IM GOING WEST
No problem mate. If you're looking for activities, give these boys a look: 
I miss the Scottish [NAME].
just ban everything!
I miss it but it was op
Well fuck my kids then
This would have been a perfect test of those Katyushua rocket water dispensers.
I suggest going to the food carts. Buy some legal weed. Enjoy the bars. Go to Washington Park.
Pls end me
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.
Checkout real cool people that I'm sure would love to help you out.
Thank you!
This is the single most wholesome thing I've seen on reddit. Proud.
RED ALERT RED ALERT
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.
Me too, I'm shitting myself.
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that
That's the funniest mental image I've had in a very long time!
That's my favorite type of plane.
i don't love love love it
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.
But hey, at least it saves us the trouble of contacting them!
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.
No it hasn't.
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
I told you, I don't like ethnic food!
Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol. 
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry
"Translation: ""I have no argument so here's a rude comment""."
That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia
I don't like [NAME] she is not relevant to the series.
Great nb rimiru
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.
Nobody has guns in NYC, they're ilegal there lol.
> This is wrong on so many levels.
Oh that's cheating then lol
Wow, I'm sorry you had to deal with that. I trust better things are coming for you. 
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.
Pulling for you so much ❤️. You got this!
How cute, the JV players are fighting
Tis nothing but a scratch
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.
Spending my first day ever in Europe. In Oslo, with an amazing girl I met visiting Texas from Norway about a year ago. 
This was literally the first examole that came to mind for me hahaha
Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool: 
Thank you !
I'll Google it, thanks again!
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.
I liked the magic but it's really superfluous. Dr [NAME] is literally just ironman with a bad accent, like why does this exist
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache
Oh my god is this even an possibility? He’s one of my favorite college coaches. That mans voice is legendary.
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet
I am extremely excited to read this.
They played a lot worse on Saturday. Saturday was really, really bad for me.
You’re absolutely correct
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm
facetune is hard work you fucking pore. I work all day to support this family and this is the thanks I get?
"""You're right. Things are boring. You should find someone who isn't boring. I will too."""
That's false
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that
I don't think the people who agree with this post fully understand how large a legion is.
persistence that is working perfectly fine...thanks to backup scripts lol
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.
Rip hot chocolate 2019-2019
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them
I like it, more please. 
great for on the go! but i’ll always smoke glass if i’m home :)
Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.
I love the name!
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.
This gave me a laugh on this shity day thank you
Something like Chariot will occur again but all electric and highly autonomous. Something I wish [NAME] could do right now.
He’s too old for [NAME]
This is honestly hilarious and will remain hilarious.... dare I say, forever!? Well done [NAME].
As horrible as it is to say, evidently the voting population doesn't care enough to make a large impact. 
[NAME] fuckin sucks
My life has been destroyed
Sounds dreadful.
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational
Interesting that the starters are out there in a blowout on the first night of a back to back, [NAME] must be trying to send a message to them
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.
U can still pour it out the lock holes. Hook it up
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.
Yeah no problem. Sorry about that.
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.
I love this game already
I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.
Wow, way to disregard history completely.
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.
Ive been asked this in a similar situation as well. Interviewer was female and i would bet it was female in OP's case too
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...
glad to hulp
Damm. The more you know .
[NAME] : completely unpredictable Bunch of them were standing together in the middle of the ring lol
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.
The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.
Looks like modern art tbh but its good
And sing the beat !
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!
I just went through and read every single one. This is amazing
That backfired in the most delightful way.
That's every cat's idea of fun!! Tasty human hands!
That trade turned out to be a complete disaster for us. Too bad.
Don't the [NAME] generally accept inerrancy? It was the universal position of the Church Fathers.
Got it, thanks for clearing it up.
Or you can just support your local farmers that slaughter their animals in an ethical and way less horrifying way.
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. 
Haha enjoy your life sweaty. Haha
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves. 
Sorry man, you’re a great person and all. But margarine??? Downvoted*
Double sheilds is excellent 3800 and below. Prob is, teammates dont use them
Happy Wednesday night brother.
Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.
You're giving fascism too much credit here. They were backed by capitalists in the first place because it was profitable. It's those two together.
Intolerance of intolerance isn't intolerant my dude
Second this. You can cycle along Maribyrnong river for most of it which is pretty relaxing. Fast and healthy too.
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.
I wish there was a way to separate the moderation function of karma from the “I agree with you/I don’t agree with you“.
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album... 
The ND vs Georgia game in Athens will be a good one.
The fact that they're flying their drone in the rain gives me anxiety.
I caught that little tidbit too. Very unbiased. Very factual.
Wow. Very thorough explanation. Thanks!
That would be me lol; glad it made you laugh
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.
Alright, thanks again
FYI this gif is a hit on [NAME] so yeah both sides think this is hilarious!
Wow really great advice! I'm over here taking notes!
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.
Good call. Run!
Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.
Islanders [NAME] says that given what happened yesterday we win this game 7-2 after a lackluster first period with a [NAME] hat trick.
I hate [NAME] omg I just do
love that yawn
I just drank some chocolate milk, now I'm a 9/10 supermodel with a great husband and my own island in a tropical location. Thanks! /s
[NAME] sorry it was rude not to @ you lol
Sorry but I’m out of the loop on this. What and when is in play? Thanks.
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.
They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.
that is a rather attractive cartoon man
"""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"" see you in hell "
That actually sounds like it would help, I’m glad it worked for you and I hope you eye is ok now 👁💪🏻
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.
Exactly. Nothing but a burden at first, but our boy knows how to fight now.
This is perfect!
No another person lol.
Lol thanks! I thought it was funny but apparently my humor isn’t for everyone.
Thanks for the clarification
Not [NAME]. He really didn’t seem like the Canuck players that played with him missed him at all.
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol
Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me. 
Think we need a sub dedicated to miserable reviews.
The stress that effects you stresses the baby before it’s born. It effects the bond you have and even your milk supply if you breastfeed.
they should just stop broadcasting road games
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.
Well good luck! Hoping to see you in my diamond games soon. Psn is LokleLad if you ever wanna stack
I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga
Good for you OP! I hope you find a much better playgroup soon!
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. 
I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world
"Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *""cringey""* and uncomfortable and stressful"
Beautiful. I really hope some justice is brought to these people.
My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.
[NAME] bless you
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back
Group of guys with full auto guns? Na, bow and arrow guy wins again!
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol
It is crazy to me that there are even people in this sub that think [NAME] isn't worth his contract.
Oh okay, thank you!! 
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind
well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.
Pls not granny :(
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.
If you have to do side task you consider boring in order to power up and take on the main quest I'd consider that grinding.
Women are dangerous as hell too.
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous
I like it I just wish he’d drop the m and apostrophe
Unfortunately not but I loved the saxy section and would love to see it again!
Well Played
You’re gorgeous girl! 🔥😊
"""You know, this should have never happened."" Well no shit you dumb ass!"
You are amazing! Proud of you!!!!
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients 
Just what I needed to hear today! Thanks!
Thanks for the link! I've been looking too and there are like 200 in the area I called one and waiting to hear back.
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.
"Lol ""Weapons grade weed"", I love it"
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.
> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.
ARGH!!
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him
Good bot!
Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately
That makes a lot of sense. I appreciate you taking the time.
I understand that the fear that you will need to have surgery is very upsetting. But, there is no legal case here. 
That’s why I called them Turd Gen, haha. Getting a High Country/Denali with the 6.2 to replace it. 
You are the expert.
edit: black gays and trans in the ball scene started it, much like a lot of our gay slang 
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.
I’d buy a cheap version of it.
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL
haha I'm realizing now that's what they meant. I'm just a salty liberal nurse lmao.
I know this is a joke but people on this sub actually think this way lol.
A one-line whip is still whipping against, although it is a pretty disappointing decision.
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?
Wow so brave!
But then they couldn't be a self-martyring, violent tankie and that's not as much fun.
Respect for the homepod I got two of em. Arguably bit overpriced but it’s an amazing product
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now
I agree we got to look at our team, not the players we have traded... good luck to them. Go dodgers!!
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx
I'm getting old. :/
It's absolutely 100% abuse, as others have said you need to get the hell away from him.
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.
Thanks- I'll take your advice.
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?
Hmm ... Vancouver is not on the list? that's interesting ...
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.
Yeah i know that feeling, i don't know if they abandoned it, i ordered this on amazon.
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing
This kinda looks like something shot in the style of Reno 911. Especially the bit where the cops look back and simultaneously say “Jaywalking!”
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.
nah, i know enough
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday
DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.
This...is so beautiful. The stuff of dreams for sure. ❤️
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen
Right? That's news to me. I'll be excited when that happens, I wonder how that works.
Haha this the best [NAME] answer to this question. Right to the point. <3
this is my new favourite thread
Okay thanks for the advice!
Yikes ... that's a bad one. Thanks, and good catch.
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI. 
Well, I hope everything is going well in your retirement. Do your best to enjoy it :).
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh
Word. I have 0 of these in my life. I miss my INTJ ex brother-in-law haha.
They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!
Sex dolls/robots are gonna replace them any away. Funny that. 10 years ago nobody would have thought that sex workers would be replaced by robots.
LWX YOU SEXY BEAST
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!
Thanks for reminding me of her response video, that was gold
3h late comment. have fun at school !
I want an autographed copy of this, framed and on my wall. 
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet
They all clapped.
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.
Happy New year! 🤗
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.
What the fuck is that horrifying picture
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.
Thanks friend lol
Great, now this song will be stuck in my head for the next 2 weeks. 
That game was one of the craziest I’ve ever been to
Oh, awesome!
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll
Hahaha. I see what you did there!
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.
The comment thread is a hot mess and wouldnt be out of place in 2016. How do things not change....
Just be GOOD at what you do, and fade the chase 
“I don’t care if you are 11 or 12 years old.” Lol what?
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”
i read your first sentence laughed and stopped reading easily verified basic historical facts are not conjecture genius
But the panther saddle is sexy af.
These look fantastic. Please go and work for the Suns, they need you more than they know.
Holy shit that was fucking bad...
Congrats, still waiting on getting called for an interview for another internal position. Applying around Christmas HR is so fucking slow.
This entire post is so wholesome
Is it bad that im really bummed he didnt get hit?
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.
your joke sucks
I never said anything about a crowded city. Immigration is not causing rural (or even suburban) areas to turn into crowded cities.
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit
I love [NAME]
Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes. 
Haha, this is hilarious.
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic
Look everyone it's that boy that laughs at everybody! Let's laugh at him!
Get some help dude.
Need chemicals. Love it.
That's how you think hes trying to input something. Glad it was my way home.
Just be a criminal if that's what they want. People should always be careful what they wish for.
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs
Cool story bro
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.
Haha I know the guy in the middle of the picture. Small world
I'm 27 and I want to live in a society that shuts down at 8pm!
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.
My mistake, after almost 15 seasons it's a little hard to remember. Thanks for letting me know!
Oh cannot do anything ... click pass so much fun:) Not yet pass all 3 lanes :)
Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow. 
This isn’t even them not getting it. They just misread it as a whole! Why bro lmao
Oh look what you did! Now I have to go and get my cold cream gun.
That's...not at all what I said. I said I *hoped* they would tell me. [NAME].
Yeah, there are trees that are far older than 521 years.
It's pronounced hay-SOOS, thank you very much...
Oof thank you
Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?
Pff sticking the bumper back on isn’t a massive task, I’d call it a win 
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.
Thank you. Should I ask them to see the report I gave to the cop so that I don’t mess something up?
Thanks, this really helps!
Using an argument based on intolerance is frankly a bad strategic idea and borders on offensive. It won't persuade anybody and it sounds ridiculous.
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.
I don’t know man I feel like this goal is just a combination of unluckiness
Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.
❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.
your character's so broken!
"""Best prank ever"" :) One of my favorite moments."
I'm well fond of foreign birds to be fair.
Good lad!
I Will as soon as I get out of The mental hospital lol thank you for recommending it. I love [NAME]
How can you look at that. it hurts.
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.
I hate it when mom and dad fight.
I fucking cant stop laughing. It's so bad it's good.
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.
I was kidding.
Oh man, when HQGs gets on a roll it’s so good.
welcome to the community, my good dude!
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you
They mug you and ruin the country
Mr. [NAME]! Nooooo!
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.
Ugh I live in WA state and now I'm scared I'm going to get measles even though I'm vaccinated, I hate anti-vaxxers
You do right, if you don't care then fuck 'em!
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that
Glad to see those refs from the Rams/Saints game landed new jobs in WWE.
I want to taste their tears
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW
That feels nice.
Could they have written a more uninspiring Press Release. Hopefully it is more about [NAME] than [NAME] and [NAME].
Eh, Level 7 is pretty serious. Give me my Massif and I'll survive anything.
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD? 
Yeah lol. 25% of women are sexually assaulted in [RELIGION] countries, maybe. 
If you have a pelvic kidney and some back pain, I know of the perfect hospital in Florida for you.
Absolutely... pretty ridiculous dt. I’m in [NAME]
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh
Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s
Man.. I really loved that team.
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though
I mean it sucks but that man looks deaded
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.
The funny thing is [NAME] would probably be up for it. Let's do it! LoL sAiNtS
Thank you! That's the nicest thing I heard today! I hope you get the same positive energy you put in out ten fold!
Cool! Just do yourself a favor and do not scroll...
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”
Yeah she looks like a real [NAME]!
I think this is my favourite story of the year so far.
So we are homicidal manics until we get bored and then follow the road rules for fun.
Definitely very messy. Thank you so much for your advice! Really hoping this works out okay.
at least you found it
I'm just living through you as you use shower comebacks in real life. Glorious...
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.
True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.
Oh good I’m not the only one. Hello my people.
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.
I wish there was videos of people like this figuring it out later organically and just feeling dumb lol
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards
oops, my bad.
I have listened to him and that's how I know he's a terrible person and his goal is to turn impressionable people into terrible people like himself.
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(
Whenever you get a smelly one, don't you feel ashamed? Like what disgusting thing did I do wrong?
Thank you. I guess im just finding it weird how she lost interest. Ill definitely be taking your advice
What a great read, its interesting to look at things from that perspective. 
If high calorie food is so cheap, eat less of it and save even more money without getting fat.
Glad you got her back! Fantastic way to start off the new year with good news!
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.
Preach. The nuthuggers and happy go lucky blind sheep if the front office are nowhere to be found. So disappointed in this team.
Feeling good in the gayborhood.
Damn don’t sell this
"My bad. I typo'd. It should have said ""how""."
EVERY POST YOU MAKE IS AMAZING THANKS MY MAN
Great to see him involved.
And then a glorious sports-free summer until football camp opens in August!
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft
I’m sure if it’s crusty there’s some flavor.
Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.
Nah, lady will come to the resc... oh, sorry, forgot
The line the reviews were not positive made me laugh for some reason.
"""Why everyone hurts me?"""
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though 
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha. 
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!
To be fair, actresses who are famous enough to be stopped on the red carpet get that question at almost any formal event they go to.
Thank you for mentioning that!
Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one
Definitely not Mom’s favorite.
Having fewer friends means having deeper friendships in many cases. I can tell when someone isn't my real friend.
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho. 
I totally agree man I hope one day I can find that too
Love your username!
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.
That's the spirit 🤣 for me it's more about strangers wanting to hug me. But you do you 😎
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it now. The real link is HERE
No way a tattooed ex-con with a drug/drinking problem might turn abusive!
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put
For real though, TurboGraphix16 was pretty cool. They had some neat games.
This question is kind of funny because it’s one of the main points of argument between the sides...
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for ""this is a great game"""
The comments in there are so nonchalant I can’t help but laugh
What. The. Fuck.
Humiliation on top of arrest!!!
Jabronis... cool word!
Lol aren’t you the guy that got banned from UKPol for being too left wing? I have to say guy that’s pretty impressive.
Ok that makes sense. Im familiar with the term.dog whistling, just havent seen ot attached to globalists.
Well i gave you my reasoning, if you're not interested in responding why waste you're time being annoying. 
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy
I absolutely love that idea. I went on an anniversary trip with a couple once and it was amazing! We had so much fun.
And it’s super awkward with someone you barely know.
Great snap. Try again in a week when the lights are on at the aus open.
Well damn wish I could use venom too.
Fantastic read, thanks for the insights! 
Yay, I hope so! I'm feeling good about this decade.
I feel like there's some shenanigans in place here.
Proud of you for being exposed to all this and still recognizing how crazy this shit is.
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant ""autonomous"" power? Because I agree with that."
There is... use a credit or debit card.... lol it hits instantly I just did it literally last Sunday
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.
He seems sweet and I think he really loves her.
I was actually coming here to add a comment about her! She’s so cute and talented!
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?
Thank you so much! That’s a helpful list with a great variety!
But i really need you to delete the comment
Lol too funny
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering
No, no, Amazon! Ripping is painful! ‍♀️ Be *gentle* to your abby wabbies. *Gentle*. *pats you* ❤❤☺
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +
This is terrible advice
haha I didnt remember that Rampage was there live commentating for that one, good stuff. 
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed
Yeesh, let her wallow then. You did the right thing in trying!
That's such a well said last sentence...
thanks heaps it actually did help [NAME] good man, saved
And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL
It did have an awesome geocache lol
[NAME] has had a great game so far. Really promising.
That's pretty cool. My friends older brother played against him. We all played for Cherokee. Said he was an awesome pitcher.
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.
I do. That thing about your mom is weird. Go get help.
You forgot our dear friends from Paris
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.
i meant that either one has no scientific backing and was just made by random people, knowing how much people love lables
"Sorry, ""semi"". Happy?"
I just don't like our options in the off season.
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. 
Doctor charged 400 bucks for a blood pressure check before renewing my wife's high BP medication. She HAS been acting a little weird la
I’ve literally done this when drunk before, I doubt it was you but my apologies nonetheless haha 
Thanks love you
That is amazing! Congratulations! Such a great news!
His Ma must be really impressed with her sharply dressed son. 👊💦
Our ancestors took this land at great loss and developed into something greater than they were capable of being. Their descendants have the rightful claim to the land.
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.
Didn't mean to offend
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.
Where's my thank you for that flair, hm? This is theft.
Your spine is so shiny! Good for you!
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.
Amazing, my friend 🙏 
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality
I'll always be here to accept you. :)
You are very pretty. You also seen to have good taste in popsicles, that looks delicious.
Sorry I am kind of new to posting here. Didn't even know that existed! Gonna try and move over there.
Happy just came out
Don't worry... I'm on this. I'm using the non business days to cool off and figure it out. Visiting an attorney Monday morning.
Not everyone find it meaningful, but it helped me and my friends at least :) Hope others may find it useful too
That’s pretty neat
It definitely took a lot of research to figure everything out for myself, but I’m glad I was able to help ya!
Whichever was toxic first, easy. This is why we ONLY camp when one of them is toxic first.
Thank you bot.
You look like [NAME] ex fiancé from The Office
They are both just so perfect for each other
That was the moment I fell in love with [NAME]. He was also really good in Frier Fall (Free Fall).
You should probably use that time to make a decent argument not the other thread then, I'm just going to leave you here .
I live in the South, lol, and this is really accurate.
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.
YOU'RE CORRECT AND YET THEY ARE CORRECT ALSO
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy
Morocco sucks, I don’t blame you for not wanting to go
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.
I watched the whole thing. I miss that style of cartoon. Simultaneously silly and understated.
Dude that looks like some sh*t out of a James Bond movie!
Beautiful play by [NAME]. Dude gets better every game he plays.
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are
Honestly thought they were the same thing, thanks for the correction and the expansion of my terrible vocabulary.
Yeah, that was all you though. Goodnight and happy new year 
You’re killin me smalls. Hilarious.
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.
Looks good!
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else
I must break you!
You're a good man, [NAME]
That is one of the things I’m most excited for in S2. Seeing him playing [NAME] and go off like this so effortlessly is amazing
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA
Having this issue as well it really does me in
Woah, dude. That's some research! You should totally make video essays and earn some bucks on YouTube.
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!
Fuck the cubs
Were lucky we were able to get this much money back for him wish him all the best in spain
Stay on your feet Lovejoy
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy. 
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” 
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch
No offense but you have no idea what you’re talking about. Maybe you like neurotic, needy men, but the general populace does not.
Let me calm you down a bit:
Actually i barely remember any threads about him getting to rank 1 in recent years. Most of them were about his insane winrates against gold-plat players.
Prayer will help you more than any of us can
They're the same people who will tell you 600 a day is unhealthy
Couldn’t find my wallet for the last 4 days. This also happens to be an awesome way to not spend any money.
you'd have a point if the only use of a car was to kill people.
Break up? Lol you lost me right there. I thought you were a rational dude until the mourning your “break up”. Decent troll 6/10
I love going out in treacherous weather. For real.
This is great editing! I know this took a lot of work/time. Awesome job!
You'd be stupid not to do this.
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work
##EVEN IF YOU DONT WANT TO WATCH IT, GO TO 40:20 AND WATCH FOR 20 SECONDS, I SWEAR TO FUCKING [NAME] YOU WILL LOVE IT
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.
Third here. Oh, ok. Wow.
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.
You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. 
This is it thank you so much
U will hate it shortly
This is perfect
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.
I leave for three weeks in Morocco tomorrow. Excited for the 80 degree temperature swing.
Hey buddy might wanna take it easy!
What, again? This stupid country!
Dice LA also has Dice Sweden employees on the team but we are wasting our time pointing it out.
This was beautifully written.
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...
If I met a woman that loved me and I her, that stuff wouldnt cross my mind. Its life. You make it work. 
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.
Yes!!! You cannot expect her to be a good mother at 15.
Lmao y'all are in for a real rude awakening with [NAME] if y'all thought *those* were soft.
Don't you know? We have to just shut up and put our heads down until they decide!
I feel you! Sending love and support
I think it’s a physical comfort preference having to do with the cut/shape, rather than an aesthetic preference.
The 4th from the right on the front row is still my favorite hat. It is hard to pair the Blue and Orange with a random outfit.
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.
Thanks, I guess? Haha
I’m excited to experience Denver for the first time! All I’ve heard is how amazing it is
Ahahahahahaha!!
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse 
that was the part that got to me first. ouchie.
Prepare for it and become happy with yourself but also accept its impermanence.
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.
Interesting. I’m not a troll.But if it makes you feel better...
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie by the way
It's not that bad. Not even the employees were cringe worthy. I'm glad that they were all enthused about having fun with the seniors.
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.
True. But that is one out of many.
Humm, just a few days after I unsubbed. You aren't luring me back again though r/Murderedbywords !
The absolute worst!
I’m really starting to like that kid
So do I, but I don’t want them to be associated with government espionage and other shady shit either.
Yes, the Raptors need to stop committing dumb fouls.
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are. 
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)
I’m a big Spider-Man fan and this looks terrible compared to Spider-verse and the PS4 game.
Thank you so much, kind stranger. I really need that
Thanks! Definite props to him because he was pulling a double shift when we were at the capacity of campers.
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort
Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!
Thank you, I will check it out once I get home :D
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy
i love it
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.
Such a great moment. I love sports because you can always remember where exactly you were when great moments like this happened.
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.
So true, their track record isn't great. Feels like you can only play her in limited ways or die though.
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
damn, i always get in on these too late
Same, hopefully it’s there in 15 years so people have the opportunity to look at it and pick a different brand.
All the best, [NAME] bless.
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.
It has been a good snow and bad avalanche season in the rockies. Haha, thin and tight, just how i like‘em.
And then expanded on! It's so good. Haha I still remember hours and hours spent on Friends of Mineral Town though...
Sorry actually [NAME] runs this one. [NAME] runs the daily wire. Also I didn’t see anywhere in there where she said that
"Its a mandatory requirement to be an accredited ""[NAME] da"""
I was hoping for a new album surprise came out of nowhere when i saw the notification.
Awesome pic!
I think Limmy's Show is really hit and miss. Some sketches are funny, others are just poor.
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.
Haha yeah. Are the squat toilets that prevalent? I’m hoping to avoid them when I go.
Your post is cogent, rationale and completely confirms what I have always to some degree felt deep down. Thanks for sharing! 
Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here
I can't read Korean. Out of curiosity, what are the others?
not to worry, I'm on the case.
Love their king onion soup! Such a gem, also they have good local wine there
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room
Pointless but fun
Didnt even know that was a thing.. yeah well ill probably never be a public figure so it doesnt really matter i guess lol
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up
Awesome map!
Don’t be clinically depressed, go outside! Be happy! 😊
>[NAME] I don't know why, but that gave me a good laugh. Thank you. 
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.
"I can hear [NAME] now: ""Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""
Something something don't fight what you hate, save what you love.
No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.
accept no substitutes
Thank you! I had no idea Reddit had profile pictures and I've been using for a couple of years.
Interesting take there
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.
[NAME] with the beautiful backtap
"Nevertheless, it amuses me that they mis-spelled ""literally"", and *only* ""literally""."
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.
[NAME] was pretty god damn brutal too.
I'm just glad everything came out okay.
I more than half expected there to be an AK in there. Still very much impressed.
And losing to division rivals gives them the tie breaker, no? Very frustrating. 
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs. 
This was the most fun I've had watching a game since [NAME] 35 point game
I have this problem but without caffeine
I mean he's still not wrong. A traitor did bring out the worst in him then.
its like waze but for people in debt
with these comments i thought this was r/vegan for a sec lmao
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.
its becoming increasingly concerning that you refer to yourself in the plural.
You are ok.
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors
All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
Thank you very much! I will get some courage and do this.
CUE THE MUSIC!!!
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!
Nope. Sadly early 30s
Ok man. Glad yo know you are aware of all financial situations.
please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself
Yes please go get tested even if you don’t have any symptoms.
Great game Pens!
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU
I agree. There's no denying he's handled it pretty badly, though.
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.
Oh, a little misunderstanding, my bad.
I like, don't like it!
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate
That was never in discussion all Miami wanted was to get rid off the whole contract.
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha
Still pretty alarming. Thanks for these.
[NAME] was such a disaster at OC, I really don't feel comfortable even implying he's in Schotty's league.
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].
It's my masterpiece.
I'm so depressed
Yep, hell of a listener
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!
Oh boy I was wide awake when I lost my under 51.5. [NAME] can go fuck his ugly self
I love Invader Zim.
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
Only 27? Lol
Congrats! That could not have been an easy step to take, so I'm so happy it's been a positive experience.
Great job thanks!
As a teacher, I agree. Adding 'under [NAME]' just makes it feel all the more forced and disingenuous.
Thanks for the advice man ! Have a great New Year’s Eve
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children
The world needs a lil crazy
May [NAME] SWT bless you, protect you, guide you, and keep you active in this faith. Welcome to al [RELIGION] =)
Let their deaths be swift
This is nasty NSFW
That sounds plausible. Lets hope that you are wrong for both countries' sake.
"""Fake neeeeeews !"""
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.
Yea ok.
That's ma'am!
just keep swimming further off that deep end
Ah, didn’t know that but can’t blame him. Thanks!
Best news ever. Some quality futbol at last!
my favourite kind of cookies.
I do! (Sorry this comment just showed up for some reason)
30 Rock is the best. I'm currently on my 1st rewatch of The Office and it's still just as good as I remember it.
Amen, block all immigration.
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.
I'll probably do the same thing next year that I did this year and that was targeting [NAME] pretty late
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us
lol I was thinking the same hahah
Horray for Persona
Imagining doing something this drastic all alone is just... I can't fathom the anxiety. Man.
Idk about you but I will accept my easy win if a Tiandi or Shaolin spam their 400ms lights
Nice. I'll look around for it. Thanks!
My most sincere condolences.
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.
Gives me physical pain thanks
That hurt too much to watch twice.
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
I like how it's also a subtle girls>guys
Performing good with a weapon that is better than almost every other in the game makes you view them better than average? ok
As quick as possible? I wish. 2 hours and 9 minutes I will never get back
Yikes that made me tense up. Not sure I was breathing. 10/10. Very painful looking
"You should check out [NAME] ""thank you God"" "
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly 
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(
That's good to hear. I'm admittedly highly judgmental about this kind of thing but I'm trying to open up my mind a bit.
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.
You are sexy af
It’s perfect!
Nah, I knock on the door from inside, or the wall, or tap the floor, seems easier
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*
Oh heck oh frick
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion
You can. I've used my Kroger-linked phone number while travelling to other states with success.
Haha gutted.
Tortilla chips are the worst oml. One time a piece got lodged between my gum and my tooth. Like, that fella was /deeply/ embedded in my gum
so obnoxious.
She did you a favor by not dragging it out. Cut bait and move on.
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.
This is what I’ve come to expect from this community. Good job
I love democracy.
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people
This shark is so beautiful i thought it was one of those high quality animations
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. 
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
Happy New year!
I’m proud of you and I’m happy for you!
May i have joke I can't find it
<3 [NAME]. You were too good for this world.
He had a dark haired mother and white-blonde haired dad. He's got his mom's looks. That's it.
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn
I wouldn't count out Scotland in the quarters. They're playing well and have given the US headaches in the past.
"""Yeah but they're not violating *my* rights so it's okay"""
Points. I envy your luck! My matches generally range from 10k-29k :/
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.
Love in a way is a choice. In a relationship, you choose to look past your partner's faults
"This is nonsense. How is some random noise ""proof"" of anything? How is this relevant to this subreddit?"
I love when you get the text afterwards - my last donation apparently saved a life in Cairns! Really cheered me up actually.
You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.
If the ps5 ends up having ps3 backwards compatibility I'll come back to this post to taunt you.
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.
Can’t relate
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.
I'M MOTIVATED!
O don’t know man, I think they’re doing this for him, that looks great
I don’t believe so. I got it when the Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit was in my city.
Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same
That’s fair, personally the manufactured electronic beat sounds the best to me
You are a delight upon this earth
Good puppy!
Ah yes, consent is when they awkwardly laugh off an unsolicited sexual encounter!
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.
No, the best thing is to do cool stuff with care. That's what science is. You don't learn if you don't do stuff.
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(
Ugh. This is horrifying. Thank you for sharing.
Ken he's 🎏 but a point worth considering. Seems so much more photos now then ever was
[NAME] belongs to no one.
"LOL ""making"" Nesquick takes exactly 7 seconds"
thank you i’ll focus on education and just bettering myself to the best
That legitimately made me nauseous.
Thank you for phrasing it in a way where I picture [NAME] leaning over a school bus seat to tell me that.
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.
I did notice it because it was widely reported in the media! Just as this would be!
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. 
I have this in my waiting list, I can't wait to see it. 
Sold out. Sorry my dude!
He's hilarious
Human produce bad carbon dioxide too We should EAT OURSELVES ️
Love it.
We won't. If Ireland do they'll be violating the GFA.
I had one of these... she would even steal my jokes and observations and recycle them to other people in front of me! lol
Sad and very true though. Case in point.
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you 
Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!
"Fair enough. I typically focus more on the lower bound because I hate when people use ""millennials"" as a synonym for ""youths."" "
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.
"Watch ""Garfunkel and Oates - The Loophole"" if you haven't already"
I remember them looking very happy. I loved that they were there and seemed very happy about what was happening.
while her other suitor looks like a decent guy, looks good, trying to be a good bf.
Eventually I would have to land another queen to stop the target from arranging marriages themselves.
What a great reason to have kids.
muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!
😂 Dude, ok your cool now
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.
Thanks mate.
At some angles you can get a ws4 into a combo but its inconsistent.
I’m glad I had a few margaritas before I read this
Hello. We have removed your comment for shaming. Thanks [NAME]
Ahhh! good old social forced slavery... For real, good advice, thanks.
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye
the into is the real cringe - good find!
That is not how that all went down. Good story though.
Yeah I guess in perspective it really isn't a big number at all.
Welcome. By the way, so hyped for our game in September. DKR is gonna be rockin!
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.
BTW your story really gave me comfort, Thank you.
Thank you for this! :)
you da real mvp!
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it
Yeah, I agree. It left a bad taste in my mouth that they weren't even gonna mention it, so at least it's something.
sadly it is ;-;
This is the first time I'm seeing this. This definitely what I would call toxic masculinity.
Thank you!!!
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.
That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.
Thank you!
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this. 
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!
this was hard to watch but i’d take it over the grungy redhead talking about her full tummy 🤮
[NAME] is the name I heard speculated on, but the reality is it'll be [NAME]. 
It looks like Marvin the Martian's ship. I'm still geeked as hell though. Also glad they provided a space suit for scale.
Makes me glad I'm almost 50, and all this is stuff I will never ever experience, and frankly can hardly fathom.
Hey! I’m watching this very episode right now! Haha
This guy - you win.
Cruelty free for animals anyway. 🤦
Like [NAME] said at the very end of the stream, “You’re still here and you can still do amazing things.”
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.
Awesome. Thanks man.
Free fish...nice
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.
What the actual heck.... Like I just don't....I cannot
Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. 
The lil dance he does after is amazing too
This is so wholesome 😭😭😭
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.
Happy new years!!
Can’t argue with that.
Superfluous? No, just give what you said would be necessary in 2006! 
That's pretty much ALL complaining...
Yeah, that teacher was a disaster. She got fired a year later for just being an all around idiot.
Very thoughtful post and good analogy.
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(
Seeing this makes me happy. I hope this is true :)
I love this comment
[NAME] I LOVE YOU
Truly a blessed day for you! Shine on!
Grandmas knees are burning up
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls. 
I hope that stays on all their programs from now on. Would really add a new element to Corrie.
Damn fine post 👏👏👏 damn fine.
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.
Of course you have to play your cards right, but having good cards can really help you. It’s all about tact. 
Their sounds of silence cover is very good
Laughed my balls off
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.
This sounds so painful. I am so sorry. This ED is literally a demon.
Loved that damn [NAME]
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts. 
I’ll be honest, I didn’t expect that to be real
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check
"I heard it to the beat ""I want you to want me"" I like your squanch!"
this is so sad Alexa play despacito
We gotta throw the whole world away
holy shit I got mad at those 4 points you made [NAME], playing [NAME] like that would be literally hell.
Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.
i gasped. This sucks. He was very very sick and I hope he's at peace.
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.
Then present an opposing argument.
Nobody has the money to. What a joke
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all 
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!
“Oh hey, I think a second ago [NAME] just put a move on [NAME]! Oh boy I wonder how that was.”
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action
Me too. I love it!
One of the best and most consistent kickers over the last 5 years vs a guy who had a great season
Thanks for the support, yeah my dad has been trying to make me feel a little better.
I get excited reading headlines like this.....all the way until the end where it's always in a country NOT my own.
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.
Does he have to be so anal about his rep? At least he's (in)famous. *Awesome job, OP!*
This is amazing. Love these edits.
That brilliant and so true!!!
He sexually assaulted you. Notify the police and the staff!
I usually see retarded stuff posted on this sub but yours takes the cake
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x
Mmm I dunno about that 😊 but thank you
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad
I absolutely love DCfC!
Technology bad!
Alright cool thanks for the tip - I'll give it a try!
You're an idiot
Happy Birthday!
Thank you for the new obsession.
One of my favourite [NAME] moments
[NAME] will probably get offers from other teams, he may not even be a [NAME] next year. 
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.
I’m scared.
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s
> Do you need me to link posts or something? Yep. Nice ban evasion account, by the way. 
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished. 
[NAME] is super happy. Nice.
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)
Not sure why this is sitting at -10. Thanks for your concise explanation of both sides.
Omg [NAME] is so cute in this artstyle
And how she can’t cry bc of her “expensive lashes.” 🤦🏼‍♀️
It's a close one. I'm going to agree with you because look what happens when [NAME] goes down.
I feel uncomfortable how we didn’t see him resurface...
Oh. My. [NAME]. This entire post hurts my brain. It's beautiful
"Welcome to the ""new"" normal"
> It’s really not that difficult to win in this league lol
genuinely funny - downvoted
did you just use a gendered term I don't know. It just looks cute to me.
Make a super sweet piece of jewellery
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.
Good for [NAME]. He deserves it.
He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit
This live action version is good but whats the original anime?
Middle guy doesn't look to fit to me. Looks like me, too many pounds.
I love this meme
I’m sorry about your pup. At least between the two of them she won’t be neglected? I just feel badly for you.
Whoops! My mistake
Keep trying! :) I’ve just had a look and enjoyed the ones of yours I read.
This is without a doubt the funniest thing I've ever seen
Wow... Mid 2000's this would of been a way better follow up to Space Jam and probably just as if not more popular.
"I do that anytime I see something pointy. I'm just like, ""I wonder how it would feel to stab my eye with that."
😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.
Interesting, thanks for clarifying.
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads
What pieces of gear are they? That’s my dream build. Like what gear combination for head, arms, chest, weapons, etc
Damn didn’t see it sorry
Missed it by 4 minutes
I love CoD4
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/
They hated [NAME] since the beginning of [RELIGION], they treated them like animals
Outstanding, really outstanding. I can't wait for her visit to the United States.
I need this source with sound
This is giving me so much life.
“To put us all know who [NAME] laughed through it all.
Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.
You're willing to lie about anything to shill for [NAME].
There were lots of awkward silences. The farewell didn't seem natural.
That’s pretty damn good
It means that [NAME] campaign colluded, contrary to them saying otherwise. Sorry if you voted to advance Russian interests.
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.
I love this and him. What a good dude.
nsfw pls, thanks nice work doe
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.
Great to hear that. Go beyond, plus ultra!
Actually the chat is fairly centrist and there’s nothing wrong with having English as your second language
Aye but happy cake day mate.
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly
Just learn from this and move on bro. Give yourself time to mourn.
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed
It's amazing the people here supporting the [RELIGION] church and the child molesters over duterte... I wonder why.
You need medical help.
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])
This guy doesn’t know how to life...
It's good
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.
"I'm just gonna hit ""back"" now. See you guys."
Exactly. But beyond the surprise factor, the execution was perfect.
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby
"[NAME]: ""WTF, it's just a prank bro!"""
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!
What’s the chemical make up of a word? Yea thought so genius lmfaoooooo.
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)
Love frank and moody together
this sort of creativity is awesome to see. play calling done right. chargers going to stomp the pats this weekend
Sending you warm wishes :) <3
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!
I don't even really like Papa Johns, but I'm starving and that looks amazing right now.
I kinda wish people memed him a lot more because he has so much comedy potential. I hope my words inspire to meme him more
Haha I meant [NAME]. I was a very chatty fast bowler/no.6 pinch hitter.
I think I get this reference, GradeAUnderA?
What a cataclysm
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?
Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.
Thank you. I downvote all the lies I can, if I like them or not.
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season
Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.
Hope that helped. :P
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it
too bad nothing came off it
Great shot, from experience very difficult. 
U get an updoot from one sad person to another
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. 
Your dog is soooo cute
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.
Thanks man. We had a taste of the storm Thursday. In South Central PA, we are all ready for the shit to fall.
It literally just happened. I'll talk to them when I get a chance but my heart dropped for sure.
i’m with you bro best of luck🤞🏼
Oh. Great
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it
I can't post on r/dankmemes :(
I've actually been teaching myself R lately for this exact purpose, I'm super excited to check out your book when you're done with it. 
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.
Nah no one can help me
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] ""I'm standing under the source of the bull shit"" [NAME]"
Okay, cool. Thanks.
Twenty some years ago, while I was pregnant with my son, TLC aired shows like A Baby's Life. Oh, the old days...
Maybe you just don't like women that much...
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out. 
I like your style.
Happy birthday [NAME] !
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback
Lmao I'm sorry!
You’re not alone OP. Stay strong. It’s rough now but everything will be back to normal soon.
Oh wow, hate that. 
Guess it's a good thing he cant feel them anymore
IVE NEVER BEEN MORE PROUD TO CAMPAIGN FOR A CANDIDATE!! I stg im so happy shes my congresswoman! finally dumped comstock!!!!
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
That’s not how totaling works.
"""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.
What is it with everybody doing extreme sumo deadlifts right now? Like yeah wow you can lift 2x your bodyweight 2 inches, well done.
So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.
Same. Ugh
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.
Thank you so much!
Also thank you for the advice.
With the way [NAME] carried himself in Hard Knocks I wouldn’t be surprised if he flew off the handle during his firing.
Without these heroes, we could still be counting on [NAME] to fight off opponents, and a collapsing stadium
I have always loved [NAME], love the deadpan humor of him and peavis, and he's just a talented and amusing guy.
thank god your not on the dev team
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.
Sooo inappropriate and sooo awkward. He looked so uncomfortable and [NAME] wouldn't stop. I hated watching that scene.
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast
Exhibit A, lol
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.
This was a previously agreed arrangement a week prior. I don’t have unrealistic expectations, I just expect to be included in something that is pre-agreed. 
This is awesome!
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something
I can take the Karma loss, I couldn't help but troll that other post a bit. Some will get it (like yourself).
[NAME] said it best. Un-fuckin-believable bro
 I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟
I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.
From red deer as well. Don't worry not all of us are ignorant and hateful.
New flavour! I love it!
6 months is not long term in my opinion. 2 years and up.
Being bullied is what taught me I wasn't wanted anywhere.
>This game is dying because toxic people like you ruin it. Speak for yourself
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.
I will. Thanks!
Well said man. I hope you’re doing better now. Love the username btw.
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.
was that hutty from [NAME]?? ahhh that makes me so happy. love those boys e: oh it was a rebound
Thank you :)
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.
It looks like someone screwed up.
O no shes gonna go after mandy
yet another infuriating loss, against a garbage team no less
The idea that fb might be slowly killing mlms out there gives me a glimmer of satisfaction...
>!This really crushed my soul!<
He's a cool guy, he just had a rare lapse in to verysmart territory 
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.
What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.
Why not touch them? then don't shove people out of lifts. that's hardly civil. just WAIT and let people get off.
I went to the pharmacy to get vaccinated (sign said for free) and they turned me down for not having health insurance... so
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?
Hi, this is [NAME] from Hairspray the movie...I care! 
Was stabbed by a pencil when I was younger, can confirm gave me all the knowledge of the universe.
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!
You're most welcome!
Yeah that's where my eyebrow went up. The liability issues alone would make it a non-starter.
Your company sucks.
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is
Those smuggler missions were decently fun. Hold on a minute, I think I may play [NAME] again just to pass the time...
No, but its a big problem in itself. 
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.
I do this everyday... lol
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.
This is why bars should have poly nights. It would be nice to be in a room of like minded people, maybe they will talk to me.
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.
Came for the murderino and stayed to say I drive like [NAME] a lot and it’s bad lol
This is not a why were they filming. The person filming clearly saw it from further away, and then got closer after turning on the camera.
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.
She doesn't have to pay anything this is just an opinion of a lawyer. No court ordered that.
Rahway Mechanical LLC should be able to. Great guy
I suppose I failed to lay the sarcasm on thick enough, should have gone with the full billion dollar contract... Oh well, live and learn! lol 
Yeah I messed up, gonna repost this with better quality in the near future
It’s embarrassing to share a license with them, that’s for sure.
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.
Summer Beaver, nice place. 
i hate furries
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.
LOL thank you for this, it made me genuinely laugh. They're so weird
You're just upset because it accurately highlights the absurdity of the minimum wage.
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.
I actually got one of those, really fucking good tbh
You goatta be kidding me!
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.
Maybe, idk though. I dont think thats enough to nail him. We need more.
Omg I just finished and I'm in awe...
Yes I wish more people did this!
Thank you. It doesn't sound so bad, at least on paper.
happy cake day
Agree with [NAME] and yang I only really liked [NAME] for a little bit she irritated me
I loved how proud [NAME] looked
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.
[NAME] has been playing pretty nice since he's been freed from dnps
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.
Way braver than me. Hope you have a great night. Cheers!
Happy cake day man!!!
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.
And you're competing for moral high ground on the internet. Hope you feel accomplished.
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.
I've finally found my people who know the struggle.
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.
No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.
I don't like it, simply because men never want to be just friends, and I have no interest in dating random dudes who message me.
I sent that link to my girlfriend, whom I met on Tinder lol
Now it's a double birth stone, so it's extra special!
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.
thanks for the recap
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...
Removed? Damn no respect.
*Fuck extremists.
I love bloodborne, I started my second play through but quit after I got busy with school stuff.. need to go back to it though.. love that game 
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!
while it's debatable how big government should be, I'm glad someone isn't advocating for private fire departments again. that was such a disaster
She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.
Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!
[NAME] playing for the heat always makes me laugh
Way to go!! Thats something I hope to be able to do some time in my life again.
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS
At least they didn’t destroy the shoes
I hope you’re doing well with RCIA! So sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family, and your daughter ♥️
ah, i see. yeah it’s true that the title does seem pretty flippant, though maybe the article itself is better?
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...
Fuuuuck. I feel this. In my core.
thank you so much <3
Man I love reddit.
The only problem with this plan is that [NAME] won’t survive that long, lol
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.
What a great word
Yall remember that rainbow zebra striped gum that lost its flavor in like 0.0001 seconds
I actually don’t mind Sudbury to Nipigon but whole North Ontario sucks overall.
No. It’s creepy.
You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces
Hopefully [NAME] is not included
Doesnt help [NAME] was right. That would further push [NAME] into his arms
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?
No no this is true. A very redeeming quality. Them [NAME] like their water crisp and cold.
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.
Lol that's my cat, he sometimes does that when he eats too fast or we switch his food, he is okay haha
I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical
Thank you! :)
That's right nearby. Thanks!
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.
Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.
agreed. excited to see how this team looks on opening day.
Hahaha where was this when I started out.
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.
happy cake day
I come up and hug her and say good morning, usually joke around about the dog or something. Nothing negative really
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.
I love gold !!
Happy looking fella ain’t he!
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job
[NAME] is a terrible writer, a raging narcissist, and not an actual friend to anyone. 
Thanks for the sauce boss
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe
Now THAT’S funny!
Thank you. For some reason I thought it had been released in all markets.
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️
There was nothing innovating lol. It was good but chill
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)
For sure. I am infatuated with sharks, and much of that obsession comes from absolute fear haha. 
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.
My [NAME] and Papa were married 44 years before my Papa died last February. I hope to have a long marriage like them..
[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].
we def don’t deserve dog s
> Waaah the reward I get for being a decent human being isn’t good enough.
I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.
If its affecting your mental health, you know what to do. You have a commitment to yourself first and foremost.
I agree. It seems the recruiter is a poor communicator and I think that is where some of my apprehension is coming from.
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty. 
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'
Having long good chats with brother about stuff, got clear boundaries set, thanks all
love u too
As someone who's been trying to break the bad eating habits, I feel you.
 And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct. 
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao
I became a member in the summer and have still not gotten my packet, your post just gave me hope it still might come
she does look like a hooker though lol
So no replays for arsenal penalty calls.. Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.
Say it with me! S! A! T! I! R! E! What does that spell? SATIRE!!!
Thank you so much.
Good. Can't wait for the lulz.
Who the hell has all these power tools but no hammer
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.
Fecking THANK YOU. -- One Foot on Each Side of The Pond
Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof
Thats one way to make political and economic instability sound super fun
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!
Cool as hell
Ok, thanks!
One of my 56 favourites
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson
FFS. I find very few things more upsetting than reading their vile, twisted thought processes. 
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️
Seems like you care way too much
It's ok, it's been posted a lot lately 
I do play League of legends and [NAME] is my favorite character that's why my name has Thresh in it :)
Poor poor poor bastard
I'm suprised I didn't see more of these. Thanks for the support :)
My gym coach used to make a buch of two pack jokes. This was before [NAME] died so it was alot funnier
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.
Thank you ladies !
Yeah, but I just don't want to pay for a full blown wedding, those can get expensive.
The worst part is the character in the image behind it is great and this just hurts to read in his voice.
Let it flow through you, become empowered by it. 
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky
"I'm a bit late. What's the ""AAAAAH FUCKING WATER"" reference?"
Me too! Just figured out how.
I remember seeing that scene the first time and being like.... I loved Princess [NAME] before, but now... something is different
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME] + [NAME] was fun. 
I miss candlestick :(
Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad
Just not the right year to tank. POOR planning by the FO.
Too right. I hate the Sun. worst tabloid out there
lol why ? they were both garbage when their time was up
I am too but thank you for having it and I will try to think more about the points you raised.
Then they'll have to get a ticket with a code of it from the counter person.
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one
I wasn't ready for the wholesomeness when I saw it.
You can't. It's best you go see a professional about that wound of yours.
This makes me so sad :’( Well done OP!
Congratulations, the most poorly written video game story in history made you think twice. You must be a genius. 
Wish they showed us more of their friendship in previous episodes, this drawing is amazing.
I'm not a health threat. I'm vaccinated and have no children. Thanks again for your uninformed analysis.
My partner and I have 17 years between us! Best and healthiest relationship I have been in :)
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.
Yeah - we never had a fight. I'm glad we managed to end it in good terms. Thanks a lot for the sentiment, mate. Cheers!
I agree it was just funny with the timing. I'm guessing you don't usually order AT the gym. :)
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.
Pressing Q everytime garrosh tries to throw someone helps tho, if u wanna play support, play like one, thanks
Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.
Oh man! Oh boy!
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps
I believe if he did (and she didn’t) then he SHOULD be in even more trouble. They can easily fact check that.
Not offended just dont care to debate over game development or how long it takes 🤷🏽‍♂️ lol you win sir
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.
He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.
Always look to the odd years brother.
Might do that, thank you!
What a beautiful sight that was to behold. Glad I was able to attend a couple of great [NAME] performances. “K” signs everyone
Wow this is supee trashy. How did it get to front page?
What a steal that was
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.
I like how his actual clone comes running up to him to congratulate him on that recovery
I’m so sorry for your loss... if you ever want to queue PM me for my steam
That actually sounds pretty bloody hilarious. Maybe I'll work that into one of my one-shots.
And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines
What a legend
I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.
Day 2 Feels good, man!
[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.
Interesting read, thanks. Still a 40% bust rate. Sucks that someone's job is on the line with that high of a chance of failing. 
The poor car.
Haha that literally made me laugh out loud OMG I'm still dying. Take this upvote man. Well deserved
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh
Easy on the Granville Island gatekeeping amigo. Its absolutely a tourist destination.
Improved by removing the third panel, improved by removing garfield. What can we remove that doesn't improve garfield?
This stressed me out
It's very normal in most parts of the world. It just rightfully appears horrifying to those in 1st world countries.
I get ghosted all the time after I open pics. I don't like it, so would not do it to someone else.
Oh my [NAME]. Yesssss.
The bus loop was never going to entice families to transfer their kids to city schools. Is it great for kids already there? Yes.
[NAME] you are a freak.
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]
Watch your language, thanks bud
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.
Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!
Lemon cookies are the best
It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold
I miss big daddy buff
I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s
Tried to ride the Overwatch train and crashed miserably.
TIL [NAME] is a real girl
We sincerely hope not.
interesting, I'd like to see more about this (when available of course)
Interesting, I haven't actually heard of an app that does that. Makes no sense to me, even with serious memory issues.
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.
I like to be scared actually!
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..
Can't blame him. As an [NAME], everything I know about American Football came from Eyeshield 21.
Yes, ~~jack~~ jake will be great too! Love the audio mixer with the old Spiderman soundtracks...looks very well produced...
That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.
Lol, good luck! Hope it goes well for you (I have no idea how it’s working at all for me)
Anyone who complains about being a loser is a loser.
He did get 3 stars bro😭
Huh. Weird.
Nah man presses, but good ones... the pharma kalmas are long gone bro, here in Australia anyway
Her reply is immoral and disgusting but it is also brilliant. She's not trying to convince intelligent people, she's trying to motivate angry jealous people.
I don't need a pogram. The best targ killers are other targs
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.
Good job on 112 bro
And why isn’t it ranked average, Bayern are second most average but ranked 4th for most supported, cmon now they just had less games....
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!
If this guys name is [NAME] I know him. 😖
The realization is pretty grim. Can't say I'm terribly happy.
I would lol
That’s one pissed off [NAME]
Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]
No.. that's the exact opposite of what they are.
You're a tenant if you lived there for months and that was an unlawful eviction.
Our majestic space ship!
Shut up and stop trolling. You're not funny
The worst is working with dealerships
My grandparents were holocaust survivors. Seeing things like this and trying to comprehend the horrors that they had to endure really helps put my problems into perspective.
You're a big man
My heart is breaking for that little girl.
Just remember I love you
Ya! Nintendo is for kids! Now join me on my expensive PC and let's play stardew valley like MEN!!
"Oh, well when I said ""we"" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear."
Been getting this same feeling these days.. idk what it is I just have no drive anymore maybe once the cwl comes back it’ll help
It was a pretty shit joke that deserves it
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.
That's no coincidence, factorio was inspired by modded Minecraft and iirc the first public post about the project was on the industrial craft forum
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.
Did we see the same scene? [NAME] takes it like a champ. You *gain* points for turning her down.
Betcha he just needed a new tube of that colour for his kit, & thought it'd be funny to mess with your heads. 
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.
That or spot up shooting. I like the confidence though, he’s not scared to expand his game.
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday
Thank you! I’ll look for his art. Btw I have no idea what Faces of Death or Traces of Death is
I hear you, but I'm at this point I'm willing to take risk
That such a sad flop [NAME]
And then there was the on who grabbed mom’s breast and tried shoving ot onto the ba y’s mouth.
But also: fuck the daily mail
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.
This doesn’t sound very constructive so I’m going to move along but thanks for taking the time to respond.
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.
there is no compromise with people who hold the American people hostage for something the American people don't want. don't negotiate with terrorists.
I agrew. I have also had these many times and they always have a lot of ice cream.
cliche as it sounds, it’s never too late to start. can’t change your past, creating a better future starts now
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.
Thank you, you're awesome
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.
[NAME] was selfish as hell. Stop with the revisionist history bs
Grew up together obviously. So if you want to have an alligator friendly family, raise your babies with baby alligators!
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.
Good luck with that!
It can be entertaining and funny
Thank you so so so much. Best of luck to you. We deserve the kind of live we give others.
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea
Well hes asking is it possible and the answer is that it is possible to be honest.
can he break throws though? just kidding. yellow is the season 2 green, OP dude. keep focussing on small steps. better rank will follow later.
Thank you. Yeah it's a nice thought, being sheltered and happy before any worries or drama. It would be nice...
I’m literally shaking right now😫
I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.
I enjoy cycling too much lol
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.
Right on. The cities are where you can find some of the most virgin girls.
Well sure his one appearance in relief lost us a game, but at least he didn’t get hurt. 
If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?
Matinee games should not be allowed for us anymore, we’re terrible at matinee games
Thank goodness.
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever
There’s no way this gets signed, right? Is it just lip service?
Takes a lot of courage to admit they are autistic online. Nice to see you worked up the courage buddy!
The best terror
His other stuff is considerably more intense. His shows are pretty incredible.
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.
Thank you :)
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!
What a sweetheart.
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.
I like the assignments.
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the
Yea that makes sense. It seems like just another ploy for attention on her end 🤷‍♀️
I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane
Be careful on there, some people instantly denounce everyone with a female avatar as “trxps”
Oh she dead
That's a shame.. speaking of that though. Where are some good places to hear blues in the city?
Agreed but I’ll still take kpins if they’re available
It's a genious strategy, isn't it?
❤️ you are a strong individual and there is an amazing amount of support behind you
You couldn't even figure those out? Wow. Speechless.
I think it should be a felony. Kind of crazy that illegally entering a country is such a minimal offense.
[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you
I get that. That's why thet time limit. Even if it's just to reevaluate.
This would be huge!
"I was quoting him. He wanted an ""outsider rich business type"", piss off"
Congrats! You inspire me to try my best too!
I tried at a joke that relates to the post...
It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.
Damn that was ugly
I agree it seemed very odd the whole live stream...
I see... guess it just hasn't reached my little rock yet lol. I'll check it out, do some actual research.
can you share it here? I would love to be able to support you and watch your success!
Thank you! Sorry if this is a silly question, but what is considered low for kms on a used car?
Sure they'd love that
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.
Ah yes, the merge from 640 to 40 by papermill. Idiots do this all the time. It really messes up the traffic pattern. 
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.
Salaam, these thoughts happen. It is the shaitan trying to divert you from the path. May [NAME] grant you patience and the steadfastness to protect yourself.
This is a pure salty thread. Congratulations, dear Sir/Madam.
Wool will stay warm even if it gets wet.
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.
I apologize for my error. I'm not currently up to date on my regional flip flop styles.
I only read the first sentence then came to comments to confirm that something about the author would be the most upvoted comment.
Don't judge our love
And you can't really see the bottom part so that's probably small too. Really grosses me out
That’s a stud combo, that Baker jersey looks so sexy as a classic
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today
"Innovation means ""I pridefully made this"" in China."
Thank you my friend
That’s good to know- thank you!
Well thanks. Digital currency is one thing I personally havent gotten into yet.
No it wouldn't you dumbass
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.
That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...
I wish I could’ve had that kind of relationship with my mother.
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.
If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.
Wow. This would suck
The rest areas and truck stops are booming!
We are up 2-0 and this game is pissing me off so much.
One of our favorite rides.
I don't care it's amazing there lol
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help
[NAME] doesn't even look that big here. But he's still handsome.
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.
Gee I wish.
Im definitely gonna check the bushes around the burn where everyone throws their targets from now on. Im not over it i feel bad man.
Show down there heretic. You obviously meant to say: Unquestionable truth, any diversion from what seems to be true only comes from our own limitations. /s
great work!
He wasn’t drafted and is properly rated imo. Had a crazy career for sure. Beat the odds many times
Woohoo! He is motivated and awesome!
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise
How is it the worst though? Me and my friends all use it and love it (since 2016)
yes:)
Yeah but it's fun lol. Hes banned a lot in NA also.
Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?
Lol this is so true [NAME] thanks for sharing
I’m not sure what to make of any of this but stay strong, friend. You’ll get through this eventually!
Thank you [NAME] goodnight
Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection
I would love both of them
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.
They've done this before. Look the Order of the White Feather up, it was worse.
Wow, what a controversial opinion.
I wish my mom was catgirl savvy.
How the fuck do you moan tho
I love Fate too. I hope you have a great life and that everything goes the way you want it to.
Awesome quote.
[NAME] damn it
It’s a joke...
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.
While technically true, I think Spin-off generally has the connotation of being canon or at least appealing to canon.
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like ""sit down and shut up"" to me"
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...
No sir, can’t hold them over a bowl for shit. Plus they make blunts taste weird.
A year ago I said that this continuous ISO by Houston is disgusting to watch. It s still disgusting.
I wish everything the I was going through was a hallucination
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!
Lmfao i don't know why this is so funny
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved 
Okay that was funny lol
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.
Don't worry if you're from hot, we can share my slice (:
That edge just got fire polished.
I love your username.
Kinda. And thank you. I'm curious about those files and film and fotos you mentioned.
Sexual frustration.
Wow, if I hadn't seen my mom's cat recently I'd think this was him! I hope you find the owners
"[NAME]: ""Wait a minute? You're on my list!"" [NAME]: ""What a coincidence, you're on mine too."""
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone
Yeah, i dont know bout you guys, but my parents were pretty anal about my room being clean.
Maybe Orlando for Bolts vs Cats? Or Daytona might be better
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.
😡this was a scam
Post them all! Love old pics.
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.
that's why im here in the overwatch university subreddit you fucking idiot.
A hope inspiring article; thanks for posting! Probably best not to read the comments under it though. Neurotypicals are the worst sometimes
Unlubricated is the best unicorn there is :)
Honestly if you had to live in punchbowl you’d be angry too
its even worse because the starter kit is like $70 too right? So in reality she probably made closer to $30
I stan ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜
I hope that's real lol
[NAME] sent her! She had to thank him publicly for this outlay!!!
Ah good ole no child left behind
Welcome <3
Thank you for your input! I’ll look into it
That as absolutely insane.
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!
I had a choice between him and obj at 6 overall and I’m glad I went with [NAME]
Burn it!
So smart it looks like he shut his fingers in the door. That’s a nasty bruise under his fingernail.
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks
I had [NAME] from this post. And that's whats important.
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!
i appreciate the consistency of your values.
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub
Good on your manager for having your back as well
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Ive gone through very similar things...i completely understand. Praying wont do much, seek a therapist to talk about things
his talk show is pretty great
Don't do that. Only villains do that.
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.
*they were not* 😂 perfect. I’m sure they were - that mental image is pretty awesome lol
Thanks for the share!
Ahh they're awesome aren't they?!
Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂
What the hell
Call ambulance or police for a wellness check but make HER pay the ambulance fees/ callout fees, not OP. it should teach her real fast.
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.
You’re right. Thank you for the context and information.
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!
The fuck is “mog?!”
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober
Nope. You're a weirdo.
After [NAME] comment the stock prices fell and the [NAME] was never heard from again. Crab juice went up 4 points
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis
lol [NAME].
You want to fix them. You can’t. This was a hard life lesson for me to learn. I also am a giant loser magnet.
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(
Didn't realize they were shipping the challenge coins with Israeli FAL rifles, that makes this whole thing even weirder.
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute 
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute
I love that whoever was filming zoomed in knowing what was about to happen. [NAME]
Weird! Also in Winnipeg, no issues. Do you have a VPN?
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned
Nononononononononono this is not happening
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha
I suppose all the other [NAME] dont count as competition
I totally agree with you, I just wish she hadn't tossed his sweater away :(
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!
I got matched with the best [NAME] in the world today, it was well fun. Felt happy to win a round ahaha.
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.
Relatedly, my legs are lean because I run away from my problems.
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.
[NAME] hits centre mass more often than a world class sniper. It's a fairly impressive.
Lol that’s great. Grew up in north jersey and had the opposite experience
Mmmmmm 😐 🤔 yeah
Now this I like.
You have clear issues, get help.
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp
Finally some news from [NAME]. Hope he goes with DAZN. Would love to see him face [NAME] next.
Don't worry, he won't be for long
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!
Thanks, I guess.
That dog actually looks flatter too.
Huhhhh wat the hell.. looks good
Just found my new phone background. This is amazing, keep it up!
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.
Yeah mate, was just being sarcastic. [NAME] after January is something else. But still, I'm happy for [NAME].
I hope she figures out he isn’t before anything happens. The entitlement herre is just over the roof
This is gatekeeping at it's worst People can be heartless Idiots it's amazing
Worst feeling ever
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in
I propose Istanbul. I don't think it's dull, I find it incredibly appropriate and amusing.
Hahahah holy shit, yes it does.
Thank you oh my [NAME] 💖💖💖
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...
I'm new here from the U.S. This convo cleared it up for me, so thanks.
Those are the [NAME], they sing backup for [NAME]. They’re awesome!
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you
I’m upvoting for the misuse of the meme because so many people get their panties in a bunch over it.
Exactly my point
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!
Ugh. People are the worst!
good guy win
can't wait to catch me one of them suckers
Moose is pretty underwhelming tonight, I miss JV
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death
Well it very well could be your drug usage. You could be depressed also. So stop doing drugs and see a therapist.
So you're a liar.
Drugs are a hell of a drug...
Great point.
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.
I like [NAME].
Apologies, got a little carried away. 
"Don't ""neg"" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. "
Outside of Reddit the Democrat base has definitely not gotten more progressive.
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.
I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol
Instagram is the only one to blame for all this evil
He will regret nothing I'm sure
Old dirty Bastard?
Good news. Good for you buddy. Hope all of us get back our money soon :-)
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...
Fuck isn't it nice to have a [NAME] on the team?
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO
You ladies are awesome. Thank you all so much for your kind words.
I hope so too, she deserves it.
Yeah pretty much. People do change, but never ever do they change because someone else demands it from them.
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues
We had some sparkling apple in our ICU tonight as well! Happy new year!
First chance to open reddit today, am not disappointed in this being my top post in my feed. Thanks. 
"It's a careful boundary between them seeing you as ""one of those parents"" and taking you seriously."
What a great terrible movie. Always worth a watch. Boondock Saints for those who dont know.
Like thanks for your valuable input?
I hate [NAME] and [NAME] for what they've done to this franchise. And I'm growing to hate [NAME] as well.
I don't think a player can have no value and also be worth rioting over if he's traded.
Did she do it yet? I refuse to look.
I’m laughing so I don’t cry
I’d gladly
That’s really cool! How did you do this?
You’re a wonderful person. I wish I could afford to do the same ❤️
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down. 
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.
Thanks for your insight
Yep. No better birth control. It's almost comical. If only it were happening to someone else...
I sure as hell hope your username is a joke
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid
Happy new year to you too! :>
What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.
Aw no. Don't tell me you are out of epic quips to rek the trumpist incel fascist nazi?
Yes! Bewildering. Thanks for posting. Really.
You're glad Australia was playing politics at a time like this? That's not a vote of confidence in the [NAME].
I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since [NAME] and I would kill for my Lions to get him.
Don't be a [NAME] and misuse this term. We've reserved it for a movement of women who are done with sexual harassment.
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.
No problem! I’m glad we can help. Hope it goes well
That definitely makes him a terrorist.
My favourite series are House Party and A Way Out. The Sonic comics episode is a golden too.
You die > mom will be sad
I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.
What an effort! Lets Go Pens!
Hell's Kitchen. I bet that man could make [NAME] cry.
i was agreeing with u/sixstringersoldier guess my analogy wasnt clear
Thank [NAME] for you
Look at their post history, they're just spouting nonsense to get a rise out of people. Dont be the guy that falls for it, its embarassing
I would be like pay me than or I won’t do anything for you again!
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.
Pretty much. The key difference is that bunnies thump.
"If second panel said Socialists, third panel would be something like ""Death panel has determined your life not valuable enough to save"""
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇
Sweet, congrats!
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.
It wasn’t significant.
Uh...no
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.
I have a feeling if my car won’t start my ETL would come and Uber me to work
I did, I did!!!! Now I feel special 
My wife has some crazy friends and I ducking love hearing their “slutty” stories. The things they make these thirsty guys do is unreal.
interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥
Alexa this is awesome play eye of the tiger
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!
What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.
Damn [NAME] let himself go
Because I've heard Him speak to me and comfort me.
right. which is why he got suspended. because nothing happened. makes sense.
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance
[NAME] on twitter is way different that [NAME] on youtube... anyways i love tsm no matter the tiltles no matter the rosters lets have a good year !
You were so close.
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me 
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.
Haha I hope this is real. Look up neti pot. Warm water will soften the paper and come out.
I've gotten injured before in RTTS from being hit (Bruised hand). 3 day DL.
Lol he said it was the driver's fault and everyone called him out.
We like what we like.
Get your mom professional help. Any grow person who runs away from their own home afterargument definitely has mental health issues
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.
Crap, crap, mega crap!
Congratulations, it is satire!
Just got back from TWC, and they were great! Thank you. 90% they were fried. Will try these others next 
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!
Good try now turn the lights on.
Ooh I thoughy today was last day. Damn it I spent 10 hrs playing HvV today😑.
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do? 
Gotta cheat on taxes somehow LOL
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry. 
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.
Sport shooting can be done with air guns. Problem solved.
Stop laughing at me.
It’s disgusting
It's an unfortunate situation, but it had to be done at some point.
Thank you love. I really appreciate your input
I was there too! I remember it was a warm day during an otherwise cold time of year.
I like your name.
plz pm the telegram group thanks
Thanks for the info
I've heard this is a form of self hypnosis such kinda makes sense to me.
Thanks again!
This is quite common on people on such forums. I have a feeling they are a tad sarcastic.
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.
Thanks for doing the job well. :)
all good haha 👍
I'm sick of them eating my cheddar.
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.
Congratulations on your shiny spine! I really hope your boyfriend backs you up but even if not, we all do! 
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒
It's a waste of water to shower that often.
Amazing. You will defend [NAME] no matter what huh?
Finally gamers are being recognised as a valid gender by the State.
I waited 15 days for this joke, I'm so proud of this community.
Enjoy friend.
used to be some rowdies in phx, hope people are putting together a response to this...
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.
Haha I hear ya man. Congrats! It's a real ride.
I figured just being there is the main help. I will probably ask them as many questions as they ask me.
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O
Ah thanks 👍🏻
Today on someone flamed me in chat
Wow this was an eye-opening response, and you’re right it helped us learn more, be compassionate and focus on a better well-being.
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.
I feel the same but I don't think it would be easy.
Aww... she'll probably come around eventually, I'm sure she was just jealous of [NAME]... I mean, what woman wouldn't be! lol 
Not really haha Young Living announced that they'll be releasing a CBD oil later this month
The lesson is to not take 4 Ambien. That is just stupid.
Finally some appreciation
Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.
It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.
Thank you for that ! I’m glad it’s just not me !
good cause i don’t want it!! haha.
I appreciate the hell out of this.
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)
Sorry, doesn't ring a bell. Do.you know [NAME] ign?
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.
No tweets from [NAME] since 10:30pm EST... twelve hours ago at the time of this writing. Oh, he must be having a GREAT time.
You might be right. Not everybody is going to find their way the same as I did.
oppressed by nature!
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...
Yeah I didn't like getting clawed from that far away. IF it has that big of a hitbox, it shouldn't be that far reaching
You’re right, no one is taking you seriously, Reddit user.
I love rational comments.
Okay, thank you!
SUFFER MORTALS!
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.
i wish it was 2 hours :(
That sucks I'm sorry. Ive always been dismayed at how flippant people are.
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY
Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.
You crush them up
Lol at illegals paying taxes. Most do not pay any or pay very little.
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them
Stay hydrated, move slowly and stay cool.
Lovely integrity ya got there. Keep up the good work!!
I appreciate his deadpan humour.
As a fellow shuffle/jamskater this makes me really happy lol.
And it tastes great because it was chilling in my refrigerator
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him
The super bowl isnt played in march my man
He’s a brave man.
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. 
I would cheer hard for a Cyborg win in that tourney.
It’s awful. I couldn’t even see the ending at all.
No, she's standing in the water after she pees.
Fair enough. That is a form of cuckery I cant approve of.
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out
>Rise of Agon Literally the worst fucking game that man kind has ever managed to accomplish and you call him a carebear? Fuck out of here.
"Yes, absolutely. ""But woe to the one who betrays me. It would have been better for that man, if he had never been born."""
I'll take that on board! I'm a mostly patient person. At least I hope so, lol. Thanks for the advice (:
wow. I think you've done all you can.
Im sure you’ll love it
Thank the heavens RuneScape is coming at you all read his biography it's incredible. r/scriptedasiangifs.
You’re an asshole.
Then I would just be like you owe me two sodas
About fucking time ordering ASAP
Glad you had fun! Your gf sounds like a keeper!
Stop, your hurting me!
Gotta love January.
You're didn't vote for her you are obviously a racist, sexist, homophobe, you're the worst kinda person.
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania
I just bought these, they look amazing! Thank you, Internet parent! 
With some editing and photoshopping this could be a badass album cover
Fuck you I was in the bed:/
I've been there. It's one of the most diverse places on Earth.
No, I was very interested in the game until this news broke. Now I’m a little disappointed. But at least I can opt-out. 
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not ""happy rich and all that people say this brings"""
That escalated quickly.
"[NAME] i love this ""no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!
Thank you! And i understand that one too.
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? 
Ur actually stupid lol.
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.
Smh. Can y’all stop being so hot? For real though congrats, you two look so happy together!
Yeah, sorry, I was on the mobile site, and wasn't able to delete it.
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is. 
I'd just feel less out of place, I guess. My SA makes me feel like I'm so behind my peers in terms of a social life
The details on this building are fantastic. If anyone gets a chance to see it up close, you definitely should.
Thanks! There are so many resources available. Thank you for telling me about one that actually helped you
Do people really have that big of a problem with border security? Lol fuckin children
He actually looks pretty crackin'
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four
True story? Haha
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.
Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.
Willpower. I have a lot of little compulsions I give into. Time to gain control over my day to day.
So, I saw the video yesterday. I think there are real complaints by residents, but that video isn't normal, and absolutely crosses into antisemitism.
For fun!
Below Springfield Illinois dweller checking in. Thanks for sharing the ILGuns sub!
I love [NAME] so much
Best picture of this I’ve seen so far!
It’s spam
I’m really excited for this year! Especially the Wu Lin hero , I can’t wait to wield my double-handed jian😍😍
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?
Damn...perspective is good, Haha. Then again [NAME], that's some awesome architecture. Early 1900s?
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.
This is so creepy. Good riddance to awful rubbish.
So you’re telling me you think [NAME] is better than [NAME] whatever you say man
Yes, I've had this fear. It's even worse when you *don't* say goodbye and then it's the last time you see them.
I love that
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.
I wish I would’ve! Idk why I didn’t record it I think I was just in such shock of what had just happened lol.
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao 
I'd love that
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.
Sorry! Yes you are right about the exact name. My brain confused it with the similarity titled cat toy :-p
Yeah, I don't blame you! Anything to keep a shred of sanity. 
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of
Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.
Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
Sure, let's kill a guy with a buck on his horse because that's how it was in the old west. Smh
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.
roll a blunt, walk over and strike a conversation.... or mind your fcking business
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit. 
Consider yourself lucky haha. I used to call my local radio station daily to request they play it ‍♀️
That's awesome to hear :)
I just see a car incessantly hogging the middle lane despite being undertaken on the inside!
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.
ESPN and sports is not a good combination.
[NAME] was far from an assassin. She had one amazing performance but that was it.
I like [NAME] and I've heard good things about [NAME] (I think his name is).
Thanks for the support
What a manipulative, child of a man. Jeez, grow up.
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.
That's a hot pic Shame she'll kill us all
War is quite different than state sponsored democide.
Yeah for sure, they're too smart to go to class anyway, they've got time.
Much appreciated !
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.
This would, honestly, imo, be a better response than what we've gotten so far. 
I visibly recoiled from that.
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)
Very true, honestly. Hopefully one day indiginous issues won't be a political career killer, and we'll have a PM that dares to do something.
Korean is not that hard of a language as far as foreign languages go anyway Hahahahahaha, how long have you been studying for?
I feel ya.
I take care of my kids!
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.
So happy I bought a PC. If you’re looking for a better experience across ALL games I suggest you do the same.
Its cool, looks like it has a dish drying place built in too
Everytime I wore white pants! Finally got an ablation after kids, best procedure I've ever had besides lasik.
Oh really. Go ahead and try to reason with an [RELIGION] government that their power should be limited. Good luck.
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.
This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.
No, I just haven't seen that here, and I wanted you to show me that's all.
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!
Sorry, What I meant to say was if it had been worded differently it wouldn't have the same effect. 
My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.
Hope you're havin a good trip my dude! Good vibes ✌🌈
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.
Freakin cheers man, that looks delicious right now!
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible
We've allways a ear to rent you here in reddit, you little sensitive bigheart. Now time to feel good again, ok?
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.
this guy is such a douchebag
I have and i’ve also shot some ak’s they’re not too bad but i still prefer handguns despite the kick.
I like the hints of purple
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.
Wow [NAME] is back I hope to see better pain defense when the second unit is out there.
It amazes me that she can FaceTune video
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
Dude, you made my day. 
Can we ban this person? Post history is sketch. Thanks in advance!
I wish you have a best luck on your journey.
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here! 
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.
Great now my child is crying
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.
A girl that ugly only liking me isn't a compliment its an insult and it shows [NAME] hates me
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!
I'm kind of glad they aren't letting you. Just you, not everyone else.
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.
This is awesome. Makes it feel like a community rather than just a forum.
Sorry about that. I hope the fix is more appropriate. Thank you!
They're all so cute~ Here's mine
annoyed at most
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!
I love reading these posts and not realizing it's [NAME]
Props to the guy for being honest
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.
Oh I get it, you are illiterate on purpose because you fear to be fed with lies (in your mind). Sorry for you.
I went to the exhibit in Chicago some years ago. It’s absolutely stunning
People are barbaric even though they are peaceful? You’re not making any sense.
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠
Wish this applied to TPS's
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.
Meant to post in r/Photoshop . There are more people online on r/Advice , though. Thanks for reminding me. Can you help me with my problem?
Yeah bad timing, but thanks for answering tho have a good rest of your day, cheers!
Don't forget to snack constantly to keep your metabolism up! /s
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** melodesign! ^(hug)
Oh my [NAME] strawberry watermelon menthol that sounds amazing
please stop pointing your fingers in my face
I like the high ground suggestion. Thanks
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.
You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.
Great night in the Midwest 200 in three hours. I hope all my fellow uber drivers did good. Happy new year I wish you the best in2019.
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.
Thanks dude, speaking of the Sahara thay is how dry our texting has gotten. Any tips to spark it back up?
I hope all of y'all that are commenting isn't all men because not all women do that!
lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!
I wish [NAME] made the levels up to 100.
You're so fucking original
Not about my first name but I'm gonna change my last name.
She was! Her “Breathe” was phenomenal.
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team
Thanks I will try to delete the multiples. Good luck on everything.
I only use freedom units, sorry.
So THIS is the Bad Place!
Your comment is kinda wasted. He can't read.
I hate this comment. More-so, I hate how likely this comment is to reach fruition. 
Sorry, the two different names made me thing those were two different places. ^ ^;
FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
Nobody said it would but it *does* fix one problem.
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title
I can do the very first part, where he first jumps.
Same director for both series, and one of the best in the business.
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.
They're taking one for the team, those brave creatures!
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.
yes, i fucking hate that.
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!
Yeah I don't think so lol
Good luck!
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.
He's great in Silicon Valley too!
They still make VCRs? This makes me happy and I’m not quite sure why.
Sorry for the bad formatting
Most likely it’s not a tumour since cancerous tumours aren’t usually painful. You still should go check it out ASAP.
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.
I'm sorry but [NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] are my favs this year (and I hated [NAME] in her Season).
I live in Shanghai and order directly from a plantation in Yunnan espresso roasts for home consumption. Absolutely fantastic.
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76
oh of course they were playing as nix
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂
Exactly why I’m saying we won’t land KD ... but Knicks fans do know a lot about dreaming.
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.
Cuz [NAME] sat out lol
Most of my friends are [NAME], and I respect them. I don't think they'd be offended. Sincerely. 
I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.
I friggin love [NAME]. Are we sure she aint [NAME] in disguise?
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]
That cat's jump when the coyote takes his eyes off him.. Ouch!
It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.
OK thanks 😂 I just typed she automatically and then realized I had actually no idea if she was a she hahaha
Unless the government steps in and does something stupid
This will get us focused and we’ll play hard with a vengeful attitude next couple games
I find it funny the same people obsessed with “owning the libs” call others “intellectually bankrupt”
$2M AAV, love this deal
If he worked out he would look good I think. But not in a way I would be attracted to him lol, just in general.
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert
[NAME] are the liars, we know.
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it. 
You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.
I'm sure he'd love to do that. Just have to get a few others on board first haha.
[NAME] is a legend.
LOL that would be way better
I appreciate this. If you hadn't done this I would have felt terrible all day
I'm sad that you are against abortion. Can I drop my unwanted baby off at your door ?
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.
Because they are idiots.
Blade and Soul looks terrible, IMO. Way way way too much saturation and bloom. Great post, OP!
He really would be. It's not even an abortion anymore!;It's just post-birth killing!
That's so cool 😀 thanks!
I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)
Also thanks to 4chan
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️
"Yes, after her long trip to the Swiss Alps or wherever she went to ""find herself"" lol"
Reminds me of that last scene in Coraline, where she's walking through the woods. Cool photo.
It’s 5:11am over here. Good luck dude.
Absolutely is, sorry. I just came by to say Howdy back until I saw all the hubbah. [NAME]. 
This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!
don’t you do it!!
I'll be honest - I just want new stories. Not prequels. Doing things in the past are just too limiting with storytelling.
She wasn't fucking running, no matter how hard you insist. You'd make a wonderful Qld cop with that mentality.
Thanks for posting this.
Hey man skol vikings. Support however you’d like, just as long as you support 
Thank you [NAME]!
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article
That's my wife ❤
Sitting there dreaming of hot girls coming up to you in your room is better.
"Must be sad that you waste your time idolizing ""Pros"" and being a absolute poser in front of your freinds "
Following ya for updates. I hope they catch them soon!
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too. 
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much
Damn rui lol. Serving looks.
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.
LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.
I've never decided to have just one late night drunk egg
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.
That's a cool dino
For some reason I find these charming 🤷🏼‍♀️
“So even if vaccination did cause autism...WHICH IT FUCKING DOESN’T!” Pure genius.
>ribs My condolences on your loss.
All the best things happen after midnight. All the worst things, too, but life is all about taking risks. :^)
I am not having a great day either. Sending good vibes, hope you feel better :)
It would honestly make sense for her track record and she’s releasing her new song and it’s a plastic runway and she made of plastic
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. "
I appreciate your honesty.
Thanks! Thank you for sharing!
The coolest of beans my friend
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.
Oh [NAME] lol the cringe is palpable
Thanks, didn't know that
That's a better love story than Twilight!
“That’s also cute” I say as I look at the 5k in LEGO I’m hoarding
Ahh didn’t know that. Thanks!
What a greedy person. 8 years jail and hopefully disgraced out of his profession.
Cool idea, I’d love one
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.
This is amazing.
that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.
If that's ice cream, then honestly I eat ice cream from a cup at home. It's great for portion control.
They know a lot of people aren't paying attention to the quieter news that doesn't get sensationalized
I feel like i really want to go learn metal casting from [NAME] now
I TOO AM HUMAN AND I SENSE A JOKE HA YES I AGREE WITH YOIR LEVEL OF ABSTRACTION.
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best 
Thanks for the laugh lol
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!
Ugh I have to hope the god damn Leafs win tonight, what a world it is we're living in. 
i want the little polly pocket heart purse so bad but i ain't paying hot topic $40 for it
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.
This comment is basically 10 words of “I didn’t read the article!! But boom, I’m edgy af”
my heart melted omg [NAME]
Wow, AP. Just wow.
Love this twitter account.
Great sign! We’ll get them next year!!
And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.
Bruh I wish 😖
I believe that you should tell him, tell him lovingly it may help him understand how much you were really hurting
Good, don't want speeders in my neighborhood and keeps taxes lower.
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware. 
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔
Unfortunately, on the stupid official Reddit mobile app it doesn’t work. I miss my Android and Reddit Is Fun app
Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!
Im desperately hoping that that is either sarcasm or a troll.
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!
Congrats on becoming the owner of this cat! What a beautiful meow.
You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.
Dude... are you okay?
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.
Removed for violating Submission Rule #1 OP, I think you will have better luck in /r/relationships or /r/relationship_advice
This comment is way too far down. It should be the top comment.
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)
Boiled peanuts are my happy food.
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.
thank you!
While you were listening to [NAME] he was idolizing [NAME].
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.
[NAME] saying she works all year. Most people work all year that’s normal!!!
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Thank you so much, I’ll be following this and try to consult my parents Incase I am unsure of what else he may say.
Damn I wish I we're friends with [NAME]. I could use 197k
You chose... wisely
Okay this is racist fear mongering. I got it now thanks.
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.
Would love to own a deck like this 😍
This may be overreacting, but I would not touch those presents. There could be a bomb in them. 
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...
It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid
Glad I could help. Feels good once in a while, I know the feeling.
You have my support.
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.
Not pretty right now
Sorry, wrong comment train. Just gonna sneak right by ya there.
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me. 
Lol I still reference this clip with my gf ha this dude is a legend
Thanks! I'll check it out! :)
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.
I'm so drunk I cheereds a bot as if it was OP LOL
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy
Your comment from exactly 40 days ago was, “Your mom.” I wouldn’t recommend you eat your words. 
I didn't know operation was a failure to be honest lol just knew what it was
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.
Thank you for sharing your beautiful and continuing story. It's comforting to see growth and deep love in relationships. I wish you both the best!
is a really nice resource i found while trying to find out how to write my first non-new grad resume. Hope it helps!
Thank you for sharing, I hope your mum can find a partner :)
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....
Absolutely. I'd love it. No matter how much I like the guy, if he just goes for it that's not cool.
Great advice here. Good sleep doesn’t “just happen” with kids. It’s our job as parents to guide them.
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.
Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool! 
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...
you seem like the kind of person i’d like to be best friends with! :)
Great news. Thanks for sharing Crunk! Donated...
I'm with you. I'd like one too.
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.
That was the first thing we tried and we could not get it to work.
I made you guys say it, didnt I? Now you all can have 72 virgins inshallah.
Wow. It looks really good!
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!
Glad to hear it :) definitely more on the way!
I am really sorry that you are feeling this way. Sending you good vibes and reminding you that you are beautiful.
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. 
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.
Went to a rave Friday night so I spent the day asleep. No regrets.
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”
I wish I would get dm’ed by famous people :(
Bit too left for me lol
Finally! Somebody who legitimately hates planet Jupiter!
Good idea, thanks
Ego is a hell of a drug
Interesting, I'll scoop some
[NAME] really getting roasted every chance. I think he is just misunderstood. I hope he shows up.
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.
Thanks, that's what I was looking for! 
Sold bridges and essential oils?? Please elaborate on this reference man. I ask because it’s hilarious and I’d love for it to be original
Poor crack baby 😥
Then when you dropped them that was it for youth group cred for the night. Lol
I'm sorry.
[NAME] damn I love Coops
Hiya! 😃
Another why [NAME] is so valuable moment. lol Let's go [NAME] And [NAME] has a small penis
Must not have been the [NAME] of his day... But seriously though i hope he's alright..
Make the fro bigger, and it will be a perfect master piece. Rating 9.9 out of 10
I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...
You're too ugly to even bully
Exactly. He is doing a diet trend that just happens to be meat-free.
"Because he's an anti-science fool, like other irrational ""environmentalists""."
Gotta protect’em!
i'm not that into shower sex tho. like it's fun sometimes, but it takes me so long to get off when i'm wet.
Thanks for the responses y'all. I'm going to do the gig anyway and hope that nothing too sinister happens! I'll update if anything interesting happens.
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.
Ah, my bad. Always mix em up. Thanks for the correction!
Nice job.
Holy shit, it's never occurred to me I'll still be anxious at 50. Thanks for this, very informative
Goldfish are awesome pets, they are cheaper to replace than they are to feed! :D
Thanks for this detailed response, it's given me a good understanding of what I am dealing with
Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.
I'm sorry, I'm new. Included the TL;DR and age alrdy. Thank you!
This is great news. Congratulations!
I guess it's fair to say that that's one life ruined.
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.
Oh dang I hadn’t even looked at her face!
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea
Fuck your shitty ass title
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. 
Working now, 5:00PM EST.
Not gonna bother reading that you're not gonna change my mind lol
Sooo good!
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. 
Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.
This story made my day. Ha!
One of my favorite shows of all time.
I love this idea
I like [NAME] because she hates America
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.
haha thats an option
I trust my girlfriend enough where I know she won't do anything of the sort
Hey good news it works! I'd shove it in your ass and show you :)
I checked there but thank you!
I always seem to date men with long hair and a beard. Often with blue eyes.
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.
Cheers, brother. What are you doing to meet women? 
I've just thrown all my spoons in the bin. I'll learn to eat yoghurt with a fork.
I hope you can be saved one day. Bless you.
Best post ever
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.
Yeah, obviously. But that the joke relies on calling upon how outraged [NAME] was that he was penalised. 
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong
Youre fantastic. Thanks! How cute
Thanks for the tip. Just sold 100K
You got shafted.
That was painful to read.
">""Le Painting""??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019"
Out of all the seasons I definitely feel the worst for her
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication! 
Hopefully you don't come across too many crews like that yourself though. Always better when the combat is honorable.
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.
I actually really like this, and unironically find it funny. Forgive me.
So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.
Aw, man, with that title, I was hoping for good old-fashioned corporal punishment, like back in the 1700s. 
I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer
When you stop making garbage takes, I'll stop correcting them
Something like that lol
Thank you so much. I will involve my landlord/Roomie
[NAME] is scary
These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.
He has actively lied about and misrepresented Canadian laws and legislation, even after he's been corrected. 
It was indeed , but holy shit is that cheap and [NAME] :3
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there
So you're saying the penalty for DUI is the same as texting and driving? Because that's what I've been saying it isn't true.
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3. 
That's the point tho, they had lots of talent already, and just a couple of changes at the key spots changed everything 
Do you have a link to any news or something? I'd love to read more about it.
W crazy game
I've had all this... except for the last part.
That's so sad.
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.
What a complete and utter cunt.
It can make me angry - that and hearing my neighbors have sex
Neat sub idea! I like it.
UPDATE i got a set of spare keys finally and rescued my dogs. theyre happy happy and being spoiled with treats. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL
Donteee blowee my coveree lmao I actually like how she talks
I could not agree with you more! These selfish women crying abuse to manipulate.
"""So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."""
"""PPG Paints"" arena or whatever it's called now is worse"
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance
That's interesting, considering that the other area is Mt. Tremblant, which is a real area of Quèbec.
This really hurts my feelings.
only facts mate - so nothing you would be interested in
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak
[NAME] is so fun. You can cc everyone and be annoying af. Imo [NAME] is the most fun role 🤷
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/
That makes sense. Thanks.!
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.
I don't know him well but I have met him a few times through a mutual friend. Really nice guy and very young for his age.
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed. 
"""PETA approved"" I'm out. I hate PETA even more than I hate mlms"
Oh look another stupid comment, original but not unexpected.
Why are you so fucking concerned with what someone else uses to clean their teeth? You sound like a toothpaste troll.
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of
Np just passing it forward from another comment haha. Love the sudden silence in this video. Love the look on everyone’s faces.
Thanks for the warning 😉
I cannot imagine being so fragile that being able to smile threatens your identity and world view.
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist. 
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!
He only said that to piss [NAME] off because he wanted her to kill him and put him out of his misery. He’s a good guy.
Awesome job!!
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!
And this is why men are so against #believewoman
China shipping is also unreliable and most packages come ruined.
They have THE BEST tortillas too. Made right in front of you. Mmmmmm!
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime
Omg stop spamming.
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.
I find it boring and, at times, incredibly annoying in all of the games. It completely lost its appeal somewhere around Black Flag.
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!
Good demo
Oh. That is unfortunate
Shameless karma whoring.
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.
I’d tell her nothing, that freaking weirdo would just never see my kid. The End. Disgusting.
Good mythical morning. Hope you get better soon
Yes I agree
Amen to that!
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.
Damn, you're good a parkour. That was a pretty giant leap to be made.
Wow amazing, anyone know where can I find more at higher resolution?
Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns
Lol...I was thinking the exact same thing.
Glad you enjoyed! Come on down on Mondays. We have trivia and all the burgers are $6!
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points
I liked the charlie one more.
"Without fail saying ""moist panties"" makes every woman cringe."
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...
Puppies in 95% of cases. Sorry but some dogs are ugly no matter how old they are.
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago
Not against us this season, apparently. 
Hey, that's awesome. I'll be sure to think of some questions for you in the future.
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite
Yet *I* get banned for saying you should downvote posts you don’t like. Fml
Thank you :D
Ha ha good one
Great game! Got more intense as it went on.
Just give him his damned complete control of government and media. Just give him his damned concentration camps. give him his damned Final Solution.
This is awful.
Exactly. Thank you.
[NAME] sure saved that one from swirling down the toilet. Thank you [NAME].
Now THAT is a murder by words!
Haha look at these liberals crying about children being raped in cages haha what snowflakes haha
Can't wait to move out of the city so I can get a gun. No gun city living sucks
I dunno. I like her.
Stupid Sexy [NAME]
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy
Are you really Belgian cause I love it
I tried it that way first and thought this was better, thanks for the input though! 
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair
Except people have been yelling about climate change for decades, it’s just that finally a prominent politician has made it their main point.
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.
Thank you .. I wish I was religious.. I admire religion... My mind just doesn't want to believe..
I watched that one, her butt is real lol
fucking seriously.
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.
Document everything, get financially independent, be free. Good luck my friend.
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?
love this!
Good luck.
It was SO refreshing to see. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] were all so well coordinated. Hype
I'm moving to Dallas soon too, from out of state. lol. Seems like it's the closest/most similar area to home, vibe-wise.
Yeah, which is not helping citizens with continued attempted scamming. 
This game is pretty drunk.
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.
Nice, I didn't know that! Thanks for the info.
He had better get 1st ballot. He's a legend.
Just so freaking miserable. Trying to make me miserable as well
I did. Thank you for your opinion.
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.
[NAME] my friend and if he has new friends I’m ok with that.
I mainly play EDH. Did try standard at one point as well but lost interest
PAC man looks too fast
You’re dehydrated and exausted, drink lots of water and maybe get some sleep. You’ll feel better eventually.
I think it may be interesting if the public could vote for films.
haha someone's gotta rep for our struggling sports programs
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. 
Damn, I want some! 
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...
Damn [NAME] great move
with a locker room like this is looking to be, I don't think Ohio State is done losing games that they shouldn't
Oh, I thought it was about the audio glitch at the end, lol Now I see 
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. 
I used to know a woman who got a lot of freelance work out of okcupid. Never done it myself though.
You've never smelled a woman on her period? It's awful.
Ah, yes, the good old “glass elevator”
If I may suggest patience, if your data is still there, you might want to read a little before open heart surgery. 
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!
Hahaha the build up is hilarious and the ending is the best. They really think he is badass
I appreciate that there's correct number of YES in there. It's so rare.
I’m an anarchist, I don’t know how to read
I appreciate your honesty.
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.
It's ok to debate and reevaluate scientific things. Really it is. Scientism however is the idiology, religion, that useful idiots and politicians are pushing.
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!
Amazing notes. Posts like this is what make us feel that we are not alone in our struggles.
It would be faster then light travel
I can’t imagine being this retired
These are great
Love live [NAME]
Vermont should be beautiful this time of year with all that snow.
No its not, a AGM can do damage in excess of 15m$.
Well this has been interesting
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it. 
Oooooooooo that’s a sweet format, love it. Thanks! 
So much for the offensive burst in the first half. Lol.
We’re playing well, except for a 2 minute stretch. As is tradition
Also featuring the dat ass meme in the 2nd panel and the LOL rage face in the 4th. Both ancient but apparently still considered funny by some.
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.
Damn *fabulous*!
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it
also a harsh NOOOO when disgusted
[NAME]. growing some ladyburn1974 as part of my first grow. thank you!
I'll be there! Should be an interesting foray into STOs, and is a sign of what is to come. 
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult
I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep
Very happy with this !
So insightful!
Brutal. I'm so sorry.
...and they're gone. Didn't even get to see what they cost.
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
I, too, have lied about getting hooked up by Hasbro to justify the unhealthy amount of money I have spent on Nerf guns. 
Low effort bait, not even creative or funny.
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.
Sad but true
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?
People done be ignorant
Happy Cake Day you barefoot bitch!
Oh man, okay yeah i was wrong, thank you for correcting me
I never said it should have been called. I just think it's hilarious that the replay literally shows it.
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
I know the planes are bad, but come on man.
I'm sorry, do people NOT listen to [NAME] 9th while driving?
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.
Thanks, i have to wake up early tomorrow ish.. i cant now but if i think of any other questions i will, ❤
It's hard to start over. I wish you happiness.
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul
I would say. ’good’ but it’s all fucking tragic.
Love scary podcasts at work. Thank you!
"""I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize"". -Socially anxious bastard"
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.
It was. I accept that, and it taught me a valuable lesson.
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.
i dream of making $7k
Oh damn, look at that areshole telling the truth. Get him.
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.
Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality
Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.
I just hope you are all right dude
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow
I think its hilarious that you can't seem to understand the joke of the headline.
The fufure is not written! But my skateboard career is!
I’ll give this a look. Thanks for consideration.
When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately 
Damn you have a lot of alts. :D
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!
you never wanna hear that but sadly people will say they love you when what they really mean is you are convenient.
Now let's sit down, relax, and have a nice cool glass of turnip juice.
I’m sure you could find some unsatisfied women looking for a hook up.
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 
There kinda funny
You said an untrue thing. Own up to it, asshole.
Had to ask a co-worker from Beijing, she confirmed. 
Thank you for explaining:)
[NAME] will probably get something as worse as [NAME] in ep4
There was one I saw hanging out at Wash Park a few years back.
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!
Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!
Whenever I leave my character in free roam I get an idle notification very quickly. Must have glitched.
Solid r/ThisIsMyLifeNow material. I love it. They’re such gorgeous dogs!
Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.
I've never been more disturbed by a dog
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post
This is actually interesting..thanks.
I appreciate this. I don't think I've given up on teaching entirely. I will try to survive!
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!
You’re an amazingly helpful man. All the rumours about you are false.
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️
I'm already tall, I just need to stop being a lanky scarecrow... at least I got good hips
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.
This is painful
I know one time I mixed stuff up and posted the slashes instead of the asterisks to italicize. Oops.
"I dunno, ""Lobbyist"" and ""Senator"" seem like mighty fine jobs"
Hi, [NAME]! I am here to offer you a robot hug, and to wish you the best day of your life! -HappyFriendlyBot
[NAME] is unbearable. I wish [NAME] had killed her.
Its much better. Inhaling burned particulate plant matter is very bad.
Kill trading is still bad imo but i agree that losing the round was correct
I’m hoping I can find a stream of [NAME] doing the play by play!
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone. 
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.
Huh that guy seems cool, they'd probably lop his head off. 
pretty ironic this was recorded
Those fries look delicious!!!
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations
The worst is ‘get in a group with someone you don’t already know’
Despite how much the Liberals and NDP apparently hate each other they really do work well together.
Vista tower is going to be such a cool addition to the skyline when the glass is installed!
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.
I drove through there dropping off an uber passenger and I was really amazed by how beautiful it is.
No man. Door wins!
Well. That's your belief. I know you and the next cant tell me how to raise mine so I'm not worried about all that.
Lol thankfully you guys only had a pedophile as 27th and 31st Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama.
I’m thinking yes and this was done on purpose.
I didn't get it the first time, thank you for replying me.
This is a great detailed response. Thanks.
Sure thing my dude. You keep on doing you. I wish you the best, good luck.
What a useless answer in this situation
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme
You just going into the posse menu and buy the persistent posse. It costs $200. Good luck ❤️
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you
I know, that is why I said that. 
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)
A Mass Effect tarot deck would be awesome! That was exactly what I thought when I saw this.
"I'm floored by their solution for ""landing"" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!"
Wow, that would have been messy.
My poor baby
If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.
[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.
Wow, impressive... And how long until it breaks and they decide it's not worth repairing?
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already
I want [NAME] to come back and do [NAME]
Hi u/CareeningDirigibug, thanks for posting this however I am afraid it has been removed as this video has already been posted within the last week. Hope you understand.
Good to know 😊
Funny thing is I come from New Zealand so the concept of health insurance and paying off maternity bills is foreign outer space Taliban talk to me.
Thank you I very much appreciate it.
I would say love is never enough. Love is unconditional. Relationships are not.
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this
He drinks all coffee with cream. We already know he’s not above disgusting liquids.
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.
That’d be amazing
Interesting. I’m wondering if nutritional therapy might help her.
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.
Seriously, you wanna give me singles? Awesome. I don't have to ask management AGAIN for more ones. XD 
It seems you've never played HotS.
"""Kids stay by the ram it's not safe"""
It actually gives me comfort, too. Whatever happens, we will all be there together. 
Alright thanks to all. I will tr it with more wards the next time and boots and penetration. Thx for your support!
[NAME] is clueless please don't listen to him lol.
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*
This was driving me NUTS!
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.
Easy answer - nobody knows. And knowing my country we will probably leave it to the last possible moment and then have an “oh shit” moment.
That fucking Mills charge is FUCKING BULLSHIT
Thank you, I had no idea if it was normal or not lol. I felt like I was the only one until just now. I appreciate it 
You’re a stud 🙌🏻
Never heard of the artist or the song. But it sounds really great! Thank you for sharing!
"I'm new to polyamory so idk if that's ""normal"" but man it sounds pretty delightful."
Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn
Sweet. Thanks [NAME]
It still seems dangerous
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol
Sorry I thought you called me dumb. Long story. A misunderstanding. Sorry
[NAME] likes making us excited, but not *too* excited
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)
HAHAHA YES MEYERS
“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me
Ooof, I’m so sorry, that is rough.
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.
Lol I know right?
That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!
Damage values would be fantastic. I also really appreciate having detailed kit information. We no longer use attachments so listing specializations would be nice.
2 is less user friendly but it can be fun. As long as you turn chat off. And hate yourself already.
If [NAME] wins, we won't see him until WrestleMania lol.
Thanks! Would trollgc work too?
To be honest having fast food at the White House would be fun
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!
Apparently, he can't just have sex with anyone because he needed to rape someone.
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE
I'm pretty sure you killed me. I got killed by a pounder on a plane on that very same map 2 days ago or so lol
I'm sure the guy i lease my space from will love it when I ask to transfer some BAT to cover next month's rent.
Hope the horses are ok
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.
Lmao do you just watch for the gameplay? Wow idiot. There's more to Youtube than gameplay. F***. Off.
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.
His time will come for that
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it
😅 thanks bew bew
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.
I'm sure this is only because there's less people there
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.
you are trying to use post-modern mumbo jumbo deconstruction of words. Go away, idiot.
I'd hate to see the [NAME] be reduced to a drunk junker. You know, like REYS parents are. 
[NAME] and [NAME] are ok because they were devout [NAME]. Like they hate secular music.. but U2 is worshipped by a lot of the 40-something [NAME].
I think you need a better partner. Continuing to go after you said you want to stop is kind of abusive.
Palace please don’t fucking bottle this
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.
ohh. thank you for explaining!
FUCKING READ IDIOT
What a catch, that's how you win championship games there. Wow.
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it
Sorry, mom took it out of the oven already and I am STARVING!
See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!
My favorite one that you’ve made so far haha Great work
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.
I like you. Hi.
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.
Reading on that sub makes me sick.
As per, they’re being slammed on social media. Their response and justification of it being from seven years ago is contrary and lame.
Not a doctor but I don’t think so. Carbon monoxide displaces oxygen, but it doesn’t destroy lung tissue that i know of. 
You must have a different definition of exciting. Ivan v Alyosha aka atheism vs [RELIGION] is very exciting.
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.
It's interesting to watch what happens to people when they find out how easy it is to get on TV and get paid.
The absolute subhuman filth that worships [NAME] will believe that this isn't even a photoshop
Freaky, more like creepy
Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done
lol. good one dude. you really showed me. great argument. really showing off your intellectual prowess. keep up the good work!
Just some statistics I saw bud. Calm down.
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
Looks fun up there
Thanks so much, appreciate it. She actually wanted to read CES letter with me tonight, we really about a 1/3. Will post update later on.
[NAME] endorsed [NAME], for one epic fail in that regard. I prefer to make my own informed judgement call, thank you very much
That’s beautiful
No matter how hard you scrub it WON'T COME OUT.
Oh, THAT. Yes I agree actually, I found that part rather malicious.
He already has 2 fouls
Well, she was completely and utterly heartbroken. By my stupidity. So there's that.
He’s a very annoying person and illogical can’t work with someone like this
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible
Did you win? We need one positive thing out of this disaster of a Saturday night.
Congrats y'all!!!
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.
Good read man, sounds like a crazy time, its the worst vomiting red in front of ramdom people lmfao 😂
Now the 'fun' really starts. :(
Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team
"Oh, the ""Thomas the nuclear bomb""? That scarred me."
It's a decent flick. Id watch it
Yeah, I guess you’re right
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER
I need a loop of [NAME] falling lol
This list is phenomenal and your username is witty! I’m saving this. Thank you for posting it!
>i told him we weren't sick we were just on drugs. Lol unexpected
Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.
Need to go middle of the road no [NAME] is going to vote for [NAME].
I'm sorry for you, but that pic is in the wrong subreddit.
Lighten up buddy.
Damn, that's the only war we lost. 
Clear lake is really nice (I’ve lived there for 5 years) and I’ve heard clear lake school district treats their teachers well.
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)
Twice in that article he implies these minority communities aren't ordinary [NAME]. It's disgusting.
I got you dude! I use it a ton, Glad I could make it worth it for you!!
Why are you so angry?
What a load of crap !!
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.
You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.
... Still laughed!
If [NAME] is his idol, then we got ourselves a boi with a winner’s mentality 
Most exciting abortion I’ve ever seen.
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.
Amazing. Idk how to keep the house clean. It is impossible to manage laundry.
Oh it’s hilarious, but not because of the act, but because of the overreaction of everyone in these threads.
Wow i've sat like all of those
watching [NAME] attempt hook shots gives me a panic attack, even when he makes them (which is rare)
[NAME] looks great
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.
podcasts also can help a lot to distract yourself (･ω<)☆
Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes. 
That's my plan!
If hes married and a decade down the road and tells her im sure itll be nothing more than a great laugh lol
Ooooooooh. Yeah I did not get that. Makes sense, thanks 
Congratulations, you did it
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.
It's normal, don't worry too much about it.
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.
Damn hippies.
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.
Damn, I'd better avoid you then. I don't wanna die.
A Reddit couple! That's good to hear, hope yous stay safe :)
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.
I do have EAP and was lucky enough to get 10 sessions using it. I’ll chat with my boss tomorrow about taking time off. Thank you!
I like taking 450 every 2-3 hours. Not the best hangover, but lots of CEVs and I enjoy the OBEs, floating thru the dark. 
Thank you, I'll try that. And yes I'll definitely thank her if I see her again.
Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game 
Wow so you've been around your entire country and spoken to every single person about traffic accidents? So cool.
he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl
Nah, I like that they come here and tell on themselves. 
When everyone is lying who are you supposed to believe ?
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.
Yeah. I killed them both.
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.
lol why would we leave the PL’s top scorer on the bench
We were all duped? I’ve seen through her from day 1, even posted about how fake she is 
LOL yes, this guy might not be too bright. 
Yeah that pass
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither
"Nothing makes me exit a video faster ""looking at this made my nipples hard"" 🙄"
And the super rich are still miserable
Mozzarella sticks!
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.
It's never going to end unless you end it .
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line
Even if she was 25 this would have been weird and creepy af.
Gahs that’s so sweet
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.
Men are disadvantaged literally everywhere.
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.
What a useless tool.
I never will understand the reasoning behind puking in a toilet... Perfectly good bucket right there.
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness 
Fair enough.
I’m afraid I just blue myself
He’s been shit. Makes the wrong decision in the final third every time this game.
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on
Makes no sense. What the hell are you trying to achieve ? Sound like a dumho
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!
Thank you for your inspiration
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful
Oh that also would have been good. Plus, breaking pottery is so satisfying
It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<
Im going to be doing the same. Best of luck to you. Stay strong, you can do it!
Belgium is an awesome assignment
To be fair, they did call it a horror. 
I also have a boner!
Considering the fact that I don't consider jealousy or envy useful, you are dead wrong. It might be other people but not me.
I definitely liked him last game against Houston. Hope this is the new AG!
I am getting a lot of weird replies...
Yaaaaaas! Also, your username is awesome.
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.
Excited for you guys to be there see you there [NAME]!
Nice man!! Wish you guys the best. Here I am FA again after a 2 1/2 year relationship ended lol so enjoy it while it lasts
[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo
Just read the text of this amendment. I am literally sick to my stomach from reading this. THIS MUST NOT STAND!!
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.
Good tips!
We don't have this problem where I live, we use Torrents 
He was so proud of it, too ...
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.
Lol, some guntards stepped out of the echo chamber and sounded completely unhinged.
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. 
You look like a bear.... An ugly cartoon bear
I'm excited for [NAME]/ [NAME] moments. My flair(s)
Wow these are amazing
I like [NAME] soo much! he’s such a sweet and honest person, and his voice is amazing
Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto? 
I think peach is hotter but not her attitude ha
I wish I could buy them I am here in Florida gets harder each day to find them
May your test be negative and your New Year's be happy!
Thank goodness it's a rare add on in that case xD Thanks for the info! :)
I think they're good optics. Or do you not think that being openly intolerant toward surveillance encourages others to be openly intolerant toward surveillance in turn?
Never underestimate the stupidity of people
Loooooool what?
I laughed so hard at this. 🤣
Okay, you accidentally injured someone. Good luck in court buddy
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+
Amazing device... Wish I had one growing up in New York. As long as it works, that is! 
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". "
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol
I hope your life is as lovely as you are
Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.
Oof lmao sorry buddy
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic
good luck stay safe!💓
"I hope he runs so he can lose decisively and we can get rid of this ""should have been him"" crap"
Thanks for your words. I appreciate hearing from you. You bring up some very disturbing points.
Vegetarian, liked animals too. Lets just ignore that stuff about the [NAME], I sure he does not really mean it. 
Of course! It's all good buddy! Pretty cool if that's really you!
Don't worry dude. The ladies could never see it if you remain to be a virgin and keep your pants up.
I'm not attacking you. Which part of our conversation gives the impression that I'm attacking you? Honest question.
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?
Love him.
Thank you :) I'll try to stay positive
Yup! Was a great shoot, can't wait for the video to debut so people can enjoy all the hard work. 
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄
Oh boy lol
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.
Thanks DB, I'll see if I can find the book
You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?
God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is
Happy birthday [NAME]
She likes her dogs despite this incident. But thanks for your input Mr. [NAME].
You’ll just be throwing them up. Ain’t worth it.
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?
Dude, I'm happy for you. Keep going, you're doing great!
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person
Please, please, please get help. 
That sounds like a lovely time :D
Looks like pretty much any Donkeys fan.
All I'm seeing here is that you commited a brutal murder.
What the fuck did I just read?
Cuddling. Lots of cuddling
dont get down on yourself, early NC is very daunting. good luck! (im 11 years NC from nmom....life is good!) 
Thank [NAME] though! Imagine someone like that with kids... yikes
I dont watch battle rap. Do these guys come up with these on the spot, because that's amazing.
You may be harder on yourself than necessary. Keep praying and confessing your sins. No one is perfect
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul
That's the best catch I've ever seen
Hello! [NAME] is beautiful but I’ve only been once. I never had the whisky so I can’t even argue haha.
Yeah I know :'(
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.
So happy for you, enjoy 
The guy just loves drama
I never pre-order anything and I am never disappointed with that decision
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*
Thanks so much for this pic! It’s even funnier the third time in ten minutes it’s posted here.
Damned straight.
Hah, serves him right.
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special
Great. I guess they learned from previous shutdowns.
That's great to hear. I hope you get it, and have many years with that job.
That’s pretty awesome :)
Thanks, i will try to look into possible causes. 
It’s copypasta from like 2004 lol
And suddenly the UK join doesn't look so bad.
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6
It’s only the 3rd safest car ever tested, can’t take any chances!
Yeah she really didn’t. It’s prob for the best even though it’s tough right now. Thank you
Why do I seem to hit 6/7, and can't go any deeper without throwing up. I wanna see and feel more shit FML lol.
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op
(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)
toy has lost its value
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.
I often do this when I listen to metal. It helps vent some of the anger I feel.
thats one proud daddy!
He looks proud of his work, leave him be.
"I like the ""filler"" episodes, believe it or not. I actually get bored by the battles "
Thanks for posting that. I’d thought that I had seen all the Rice footage in existence. Good stuff.
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.
He looks like he smells of cheese
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.
Hipsters love tapes tho.
Looking for 3 tix for the Leafs on the 10th. Upper or lower. Thanks!
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?
It really does. Great point
no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.
I'm know Ashtabula. I'm from Lorain. That's cool that the company got bigger though.
I love [NAME]
I'm so jealous of people who have natural red hair. I think it's so unique and pretty.
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.
Good article there! Thanks for sharing.
[NAME] is a happy boi!!
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.
Exactly what i was thinking!
No femshaming, guys.
"Adjust your W4. Everyone has to pay taxes, so save it with the ""I have to send a check to the government!"" BS. "
Don't worry, you'll find love, I promise! I hope you love yourself as well. <3
Thank you.
Thanks for cheering me up!?
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.
That's not an actual thing you realise? No one is that stupid.
Haha I can imagine! Good on you for doing it though.
And then you see some idiots in the street walking with their speakers listening to reggaeton out loud (at least in Spain).
Their Core album is. Literally the 1st genre listed on Wikipedia is grunge lol
Thanks bro means a lot
yes. i hate being bored. it's the cause of much of my depression and anxiety.
If we hurry, we can still catch the heroin craze! 
Nope. Love them. What do you find gross?
To bad for you.
The website is still up. You want to see this. I've met the guy. He's super nice.
I'm hoping it will pass but I do know you may be correct. I'm just not sure what to do.
hum yhea i kind of agree, but i still dont understand what it has to do with the amount of devs left working on the game.
Ah man this video has everything, drama, action, a tiddy poppin out
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...
If you think not actively going out your way to insult people constitutes hiding your sexuality I don’t know what to tell you.
Err. Lol, I guess.
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?
Have you told him you aren't 100% ok with it? It sounds like you're regretting this decision.
I’m a fan of your awareness for others here. This sub needs more of that lately.
I honestly couldn’t care less about your opinion at this point
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.
I actually do have a really good one who specializes in emp law. He serves multiple areas. Will pM
I don’t set an alarm I naturally wake around 4am. Love my mornings.
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable. 
2010 offseason, thought we'd get [NAME], ended up with [NAME] for 100 mil. we still talking about the knicks. fun to dream tho
Oh I don't use Twitter, thank you for sharing that info!
Yup, that's exactly what happened when the alt-right took over the sub. So glad I won't get banned for saying that now.
I'd expect this from an actually attractive person but this is just lol
The carpool part!! The beauty of kids haha
Thank you soooo much 😍
She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for
Feel free to PM me, I was a longtime vegetarian before transitioning to veganism.
I looked at several different websites - mine are not perfect. But I like them. Mostly referenced this website.
[NAME] gets punched in the head and gets a penalty.
I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.
😂😂 she really is. I can’t stop laughing. She’s a fruit loop!
If I’m ever like that, suffocate me with a pillow.
Fuck ya boys let’s go
Excellent jobs, young men!
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].
I fucking love this GIF so much.
I blame all of y'all, y'all told [him he] was funny
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.
Yes applaud the atheist and slam your brothers in the apostolic faith, way to go. 
It’s called concern trolling. Don’t be so gullible and quick to politicize everything.
I haven't seen it but it's on my list!!
That’s adorable! I love it!
I'm glad people with such foresight are the first to find this place unaffordable. Good riddance.
> consider another better job Oh believe me I am doing that. But this will have to do for now!
Agree, I avoid of the ones that do, pre-ordering any AAA is a no no now as well.
Thank you!! I really enjoyed the first song and the song by The Avalanches. Both were very melodious and charming.
Or you could y'know just be a nice person and respect other people's opinions and likes? ^Since ^you ^clearly ^have ^plenty ^of ^your ^own
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.
I wish to die with my will and spirit intact!
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.
No, you're thinking of basilisk. A basterisk is a person born outside of wedlock.
[NAME] lesnar. Sorry [NAME]
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
My god, what is WRONG with people? So glad you’re okay, OP!!
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?
Ha that’s amazing you may know my little brother he graduated around that time name is [NAME]
Really? that's very interesting
Stop believing everything you’re told.
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.
Same cinematographer, [NAME]. He's incredible
"FUCK OFF THAT""S A PEN"
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case
Gods, what a loser.
I know you will make her proud. always appreciate your parents they won’t be here forever ❤️
No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback
That arena announcer is irritating.
The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw. 
I appreciate it!
Can relate. The spirit kept telling me to move to the Morridor. Total decade+ long disaster in almost every way. Shoulda stayed where I was.
iT cAn'T bE sExISt bEcAuSE iT's a mErItocRaCy. -tech bro assholes justifying gender discrimination and systemic sexism
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO
Ya. It's not what you think to start. Awesome show ending within 5 seasons with a planned ending. It's refreshingly hilarious. Netflix available.
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.
Omg yesssss. It’s such an amazing combo
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.
Nice job. I'm surprised not a single one of them used their CC immune ults or had beads. That is usually really important in assault.
my favourite depictions of [NAME] and the gang are the ones where [NAME] is stoic and sassy and [NAME] and [NAME] are super emotional goofballs
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.
[NAME] increasing his trade value so we can trade him to NO for Lonzo. Thank you [NAME]!
Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.
I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.
Can't help that the president hangs out with the bottom of the barrel.
>It'd be good for Venezuela That's the hallmark of U.S. invasions; invaded countries always do well as a result. /s
That looks righteous!!
