New "Corsar" trams in Kaliningrad
China joins Russia in opposing Nato expansion
me after spending 1 hour in r/europe
Moscow
Kizhi Pogost is a historical site dating from the 17th century on Kizhi island on Lake Onega in the Republic of Karelia.
You guys helped me out, how about this translation?
puzzle and dragon
Winter Pyatigorsk.
Could someone explain Russia’s unreasonable aggression towards Ukraine? How does Russia justify its movement?
Thoughts on the depiction of Russia in “Escape from Tarkov”?
How come nobody mentions the mass murders of Slavs?
A great joke from the American TV show “Saturday Night Live.” During their show from last weekend, the made a parody of the commercials of the insurance company “State Farm,” whose name was cleverly translated as «колхоз». Unfortunately, this joke is probably not understood by the audience))
The amount of shit in Reddit nowadays ...
Minimum wage in Europe (monthly)
Can anyone explain why NATO expansion is seen as a threat to Russia?
Russia condemns destructive US troop increase in Europe amid Ukraine Border Crisis
HOW DO WE CALL THE " VARIANTS " OF THE NAMES
How my newly created account got negative karma because I defended Russia
Adult take on NATO expansion and Russian foreign policy
The motives of Russian architecture in 1873-1880
Karymskaya Sopka erupting, Kamchatka
this was in my duolingo language lesson, i truly wonder🤨
The Situation right now in nutshell
Moldova
Soviet cartoon "Live Toy" about a girl who found a little bunny and played with him like a doll. The cartoon teaches children that people should not cause pain and suffering to animals.
This
"Katyusha" at the Olympics Women's Ice Hockey
(Kind of Cringie) So i love the song Кино - Восьмиклассница but i don't know any Russian, so i very roughly copied the phonemes and made this.
why is Russia against the idea, that the Ukraine joins NATO? It is a free choice. Russia can join NATO too.
What are you guys doing?
Want Russian Insight for my Creative Writing
yakutz coldest city
Dispute with Russia, Ukraine shows possibility of diplomatic solution instead of war
Latest Roscosmos rob
Agreements between Syria and Russia to send humanitarian support to Syria and is also planned to send there a convoy with 200 Belarusian soldiers
Can one live comfortably with an income of $3800 USD every month?
Genoese Fortress near Sudak
Just a big highway in Kazan
Genoese Fortress near Sudak
Shuttle Diplomacy: The Efforts of Olaf Scholz and Emmanuel Macron (International News Daily)
Invade us if you gay
C'mon
Why is the military sending medics and shipments of blood to the border?
Russia defeated Sweden at the Beijing Olympics hockey tournament and reached the final! There we will have a match with Finland.
The situation on the Russian - Ukrainian border
Red Square at night
Please share this photo
Snow-white winter in Nizhny Novgorod - one of the most beautiful cities in Russia. 😍 Photo: alexyshevchenko
While you were sleeping.
Russian invasion of Ukraine can happen anytime now: White House
Russian taxi. Страшное Такси 2021
Covid: Pfizer says antiviral pill 89% effective in high-risk cases
О Родине в эмиграции. Системно-векторная психология Юрия Бурлана
Vaccination problem😂
question??
Is Novorossiya going to be reunited with Russia?
A decision has been made in Russia to build a new bear pipeline.
Anna Scherbakova wins gold in the ladies singles at the 2022 Olympics, this is the third consecutive Olympics a Russian has occupied first on podium. Second place went to compatriot Alexandra Trusova🇷🇺🥇🥈
All Ukraine regions majority from 95% in West to 86% in East believe Ukraine &amp; Russia should be independent states (support for unification is 1% West to 11% East) Donetsk &amp; Luhansk (controlled by Ukraine) 84% believe Ukraine &amp; Russia should be independent states &amp; 14% support unification
Italy and Spain quarreled over Putin's table "We did it"
Decent translation (better than RT) of Putin's full speech
Remember this. Do not be assholes to Russian people. They did not want this.
Over 200 children who died in Donbas during the 2014-2015 war when the Ukrainian army bombed their homes. No one Western or pro-Western newspaper has ever written about it or published articles with their photos.
Geography is hard.
Fuck you Russia
Very soon, for the good of mankind
Title
So it begins...
Prosperous Russia.
Look how beautiful it is!
Guess which museum it is in. I remember the first time I saw this sculpture when I was little. Kiss me my angel.
.
Ez
If you take back some land from Ukraine, maybe give us some back too.
First post be gentle
78th anniversary of one of Stalin’s many crimes against an innocent people. Never forget.
давайте все вместе работать на это будущее
Putin, choose!
CYKA BLYAT PUTIN
Simple as that. We don't want war.