What would you say is the best way to make friends right now?
arroyo vista waitlist
Hi I was thinking about transferring here from a csu what is the gpa and unit requirements?
Thoughts on the ASUCI Lunar Night Market
When you say Lunar New Year instead of Chinese New Year
PSA: There is a much better tool than "RateMyProfessor" to show you which teachers are good
Is the 1095-B tax form from AHP email legit?
Venting: Pre-graduation anxiety and insecurity
any “cheap” gas near campus or just around? other than costco
Sociology 1 group chat or discord for Wosick?? Thanks!
Who are these people on ring road?
Selling 1 ticket to Amine show in Anaheim, 2/9
Discord for Econ 116A w/ Duffy?
food???
self care sweatshirts
How can I study better?
How many of you have at least 1 mandatory in person class?
Fuck
Changing course grade
Spanish Placement Test
freshman bio sci applicant but wants to change to comp sci before school starts :/
just complaining
Work Study &amp; FA: taxes
I don’t think my roommates have cleaned their toilet all year
Need high GPA to get a job?
ACC Roommates
Reletting Plaza Verde 2 Bed 2 Bath
BACHELORETTE ONLINE EDITION GET AN E DATE WITH @mytrran
where da hoes be at on this campus
Spring 22 Chem 1LC
Blue/Green Book Locations
To the man,woman, they/them that left this on my bike. Your mom’s a hoe your dad’s a jigilo. The recycling basket was literally a few feet over…
Help! Survey transfer
I’m moving out and I’m trying to get rid of all of this (it’s unopened or just never used). Make me an offer lol. Uci students only
Spring COB?
Murray vs Law for Chem 1C
UC system to pay $243.6 million more for sexual-misconduct allegations tied to ex-UCLA gynecologist - OC Register
Noveil Presents ~ E-Date Bachelorette Event
College student console gamers please take a minute to take my survey!
Anyone lose a pin? Found outside HIB
i think i wanna cancel my lease
uci art gallery !! :)
Anyone transfer to UCI for Economics/ Comp Sci from Community College/ a 4 year that can elaborate on the B or above requirement?
Screaming near Langson Library?
Math 2b midterm 2 sample solutions?
What is the easiest STEM major offered at UCI?
SPRING 2021: Upper-Div Social Science Class Recommendations
Wind ensemble band
Wifi on campus not working?
Psychiatrist through UCI without UC Ship
is physics 113a with prof abazajian a good course?
ICS 46 with Thornton or Shindler?
Summer Internship Advice?
come find me at Aldrich park for a free valentine I’m gonna be there till supplies last!!
Pro tip: instead of complaining about people approaching you on campus, just ignore them
Got into moon gazing recently so here’s some pics of the 🌝 throughout February | Telly I use on last slide as well
Beautiful sunset at Aldrich Park!! &lt;3
MCAT prep for this May
why do professors just not reply like why?? Like whyyy??????
Down bad
there is no more meaning to life &lt;\3
Is it possible to retake chem 1A (with a previous grade of C-) and chem 1C/chem 1B during summer if I fail or obtain a C- in chem 1B?
Psych 143P?
How do you deal with terrible roommate?
Kind of an Interview/Survey I think lol
schedule advice
Giant Anteater doesn't give two shits about the Jaguar behind it
What’s the tea with the OG petr account?
Easy Classes
When the enrollment window for Art 8 opens
Science library
How to do laundry at ACC apartments without Visa/Mastercard
Where to I go to file a complaint regarding my roommate
Where to buy graduation gown?
ARC pool
Any stoner anteaters out there? Feels like I’m the only one. Here’s a blunt wrapper and a random landscaping sign I had in my car as proof I’m not UCIPD
What time is the arc weight rooms super packed?
Anyone in PSCI/SOCECOL have Professor Pia Dietze?
Drums in Plaza Verde?
Writing 39C Themes?