To those that say Russia will win because of the size of their army....
Cheap good food in Kyiv during lunch break?
Looking for a therapist in Kyiv.
Peace and love
Kiev is a beautiful city with ancient history
Folks over in a russian sub are claiming ukrainians ”miss being a part of russia” etc. How do you people feel?
Welcome back home, Klitschko.
Johnson: Sanctions to be enacted the minute Russia further invades Ukraine
Britain allocating almost £2 Billion for projects with Ukraine
Zelensky confirms the creation of a new political format between Ukraine, UK, Poland
Timeline of oppression of Ukrainians?
Authority of Security Council
I dare Putin to try. US will be coming for you.
I really don’t know what to make of this. Shameless is the Russian way
US alleges Russia planning false flag operation against Ukraine using 'graphic' video
Ukrainian soldier dances to Whitney Houston's track "Queen of the Night"
I got banned from r/Russia for making valid points lol
fuck putin
It is great that NATO is helping Ukraine, but this book warns Ukraine to be careful with NATO
Great Britain allocates 2 billion pounds for joint projects with Ukraine in infrastructure and energy
Now we're talking
Great Ukrainian Olympian Vlad
If the worst happens, record everything. Use apps like Serelay that bind your photos and videos to a blockchain so you can prove that your media’s content, time and location are genuine.
Russian state television reporter Soliev headlined on YouTube: 4 days to war
Fuck Russia
Хвилинка гумору
Situation in Lviv
Popular Soviet Union FOOD! - What did ppl eat during Soviet Union? (Ukraine/Russia food)
After 2014, why didn't Russia seize everything to the east of the Dnipro River rather than just Crimea and the Donbass?
Help me see the other side of the story
New train station in Dnipro
Kyiv Would Fall In Only a Few Days ?
Weather warming up?
Shuttle Diplomacy: The Efforts of Olaf Scholz and Emmanuel Macron (International News Daily)
Pres F to pay respect to the country 404
NBU: Banking sector received record UAH 77.5B in profits in 2021
Next popstar? Fendy Cisneros drops a hot track called ''Missing You''. Take a listen! :)
An interesting video I found on Russian internet campaigns against Ukraine in the past
MOUTH EATING FOOD MUKBANG ASMR RAMEN NOODLES AND SWEET SHRIMP
What are your favorite swear words/insults/expressions/idioms in the language? Looking for some funny and/or interesting stuff :)
Waiting...
Russian video about evacuation of Luhansk was pre-recorded 2 days ago, before escalation
This whole crisis is due to the Russians imperial mindset.
To counter Russia in Ukraine, Germany will ramp up support against IS in Iraq
Is this accurate?
TLDR for us Americans
Ukraine: In Donetsk region, police conducted evacuation training for schoolchildren
Cyber ​​Attack On Ukraine: Terrible attack on Ukraine without firing a single bullet! Russia's game
Breaking - All signs suggest Russia plans 'full-fledged' attack on Ukraine: NATO chief
Russia-Ukraine crisis: Separatists call for men to 'stand up' and fight after ordering evacuation
Anyone got any idea why the national guards helicopter is out ?
Batumi Adjarabet arena lights up in colours of Ukrainian flag.
Big ask for any Ukrainians.
What if ukraine invaded russia ( fantasy simulation)
Hill fighter wings deploy Airmen, F-35’s to Germany
A Russian transport aircraft is flying with no callsign over the Black Sea.
Рядом с историей политика_не более, чем анекдот
Ukraine Russia crisis: India removes curbs on number of flights
What is this Aircraft?
Residents of one of the central districts of Donetsk - Kalininsky, Ukraine report shelling
Zelenskyy, a true leader, sitting down for a meal with his troops..This is true leadership
Both the Netherlands and Germany are sending 1,400 rounds of the Panzerfaust 3. This is the Panzerfaust 3-IT600, able to hit a moving target with high hit probability at 600m, further for stationary targets, with a penetration of 900+ mm behind any form of ERA. Enough to penetrate any Russian MBT.
Update 14:47 Lieutenant Colonel Oleksiy Kovalenko born in 1976 died as a father and husband during the defense. RIP
The internet is returning
Update 5:48 ❗️Overnight none of the major cities were captured by the invaders! There are street fights going on. No one will give up their home for nothing.
Sanctioned Russian TV Host Cries About Losing Italian Properties
Currently in Russian-Ukrainian war
If you see these do NOT pick them up. They may be green, brown, sand colored, etc -- they make them in a variety of colors. They are carpet-bomb-style dropped and activate about 40 minutes after landing. They are designed to maim, not kill; Russia wants to jam up medical services to Ukranians.
Estonia to ban all Russian Airlines from their airspace following The UK, Poland, Czechia and Bulgaria
Always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, not the victim.
From Latin America, we support the Ukrainian people. No more wars!
Same poop, different wrapper
#Russia’s airborne forces are attempting to take control of the airport in #Kyiv to they can fly in forces to occupy the capitol city An amphibious assault on the key port city of #Mariupol is now underway Ground forces now moving in from Belarus,Crimea &amp; from #Russia
Possible general mobilisation in Belarus against Ukraine, received from colleague
I can only pray that those responsible for this will be punished. In this life, or the next. God be with you Ukraine.
*sad desantnik face*
Russian troops also lost about 516 armoured combat vehicles, 10 aircraft and seven helicopters as of 13 GMT, the Ukrainian minister
To those defending Ukraine and the Democratic world, please remember this quote.
Putin I can not wait to see you hang like the nazis of world War 2
All holders of Ukrainian passports can ride České Dráhy trains for free, in both directions all over the territory of the Czech Republic with no limitations.