could someone translate this for me?
Dyatlov Pass Incident: A New Perspective
Russian “Panelka”
Hey there!!
Top 10 Delicious famous food in Punjab. Tasty Food Of Punjab
Five of world’s most powerful nations pledge to avoid nuclear war | us defense
The Siberian taiga sleeps under the snow. Russia (Tomsk region) [OC] 3648x2432
The complex of buildings of the fire and police station in Samara was built back in 1904. And more than a century later, the building was restored. Now there is a museum of the history of firefighting.
Hi from Ural 🙂
Dos and don'ts in Kamchatka
Innopolis, the youngest city in Russia, is located 40 km from Kazan. Innopolis was created to show by its example a "smart city" with modern new buildings, safe streets, high-tech services.
Snowy morning in Kazan (pictured is an art object called "Chandelier")
What Russian books do you consider the most influential?
New Year decorations in Perm
Reliable News About Russia in EN?
Looking for music recommendation
Tverskaya Square, Moscow
How do I get in though?
Hello! I'm looking for a Russian movie, maybe u guys can help?
I am from India and it has always been my dream to visit and travel in Russia. How hard/easy Is it to travel around by just communicating in English language .
Breaking news! The famous Russian tank column is going to invade Kazakhstan!
Russian Military Demonstration Fails - Military Fails
My trip to Veliky Novgorod
Any special places recommended to visit in Moscow ?
Hello where to find weed in Arkhangelsk😂
The famous expansion of Russia
Polar night in South Tambei, Yamal, Russian Arctic. Photo: Ngarkato
Monument to the blockade stickleback on the embankment of the Obvodny Canal in Kronstadt, St. Petersburg. During the famine years of the blockade (1941-1944), this small fish, which was not paid attention to in peacetime, saved thousands of human lives. People cooked it, fried it, made fish soup.
New Year in the old house. Totma. Photo: zhannalaska
On January 10, 1944, Zina Portnova was executed by the Nazis. Hero of the Soviet Union, since the age of 15 – a member of the underground organization "Young Avengers". During the interrogation, having taken possession of a pistol, shoot the investigator and two more Hitlerites
EU, US denounce closure of human rights group in Russia
Footage of the Infamous AZOV Battalion engaging in a urban battle with Russian separatists inside of Mariupol, Ukraine.
Near Novosibirsk, 4 teenagers rescued a newborn girl who was thrown into a snowdrift by unknown persons. The boys accidentally found the child during an evening walk. Now the child is in the hospital, everything is fine with him. The family of one of the boys wants to adopt her.
Where can I buy big teddy bear , so I can hug so 🤗🤗
◇YANNI◇ – „Prelude-Love Is All“… The “Tribute” Concerts!…1080p Remastered &amp; Restored“ auf YouTube an
Delovoy Tsenter, Moscow Metro
Mechcraft.world NFTs Коллекционная карточная игра Tower Defense в различных режимах.
Winter Baikal - The largest ice rink in the world
Pics from a recent trip to Tula
"Я не понимаю украинский". Попытка укро-ТВ взять интервью у казаха 😄
According to trusted sources from Navalny people, this was the building which Putin build for himself with his own hands. There is even special documentary from Navalny people that have the proof this belongs to Putin. And it was build from the tax payers of Russia.
🚨RUSSIA ATTACK IMMINENT?🚨
Libyan deputy premier to visit Russia on Sunday
What's Chechnya like under it's current leadership?
Russian-German singer Helene Fischer in Cologne "Heroes are driving across the field. These are the heroes of the Russian Army!"
What's Russia's view on Gotland?
how to stay healthy and younger
Крым
Looking for a birth record in 1881 Polish church records that our written in Cyrillic's. The name I'm looking for is a Michal Szymandera
Россия, Калужская область, деревенский дом.
BREAKING NEWS! CIA found the countryside residence of VVP!
Why is Putin trying to invade a sovereign nation?
I HATE THE ANTICHRIST! I HATE THE ANTICHRIST!
Партизанской войне быть!
Moscow, Kutuzovsky prospekt
Moscow ⭐️
[Question] Hey friends, does /r/russia think there will be an invasion of Ukraine?
Central Vladivostok
Russia Takes Down REvil Crypto-Ransomware Group
Trying to find the name of a russian song I heard a while ago
Novgorod Drama Theater named after Dostoevsky. Author: golovdinov
Iif Russia doesn't invade Ukraine, Americans will be geninely disappointed.
Where can I find Russian vinyl ?
Just some pics I wanted to share :)
Добрый день, ребята. Посмотрите это видео и помогите карибскому товарищу.
Why the /r/russia theme does not allow downvotes by default (in the subbredit default theme)?
Hi, and greetings from Ireland. Could someone give me the correct translation in Russian for "Not Forgotten" please? I do not trust Google to give me the right one. "Not forgotten" as in a person/group of people. I need it for this track, see the link. Thank you.
это пятница мой товарищи
Based
Is panslavism a thing among Russians?
Hello Russians, would you be interested in joining r/AskEasternEurope?
Would you support and invasion of Ukraine? Вы бы поддержали и вторжение в Украину?
Meanwhile Soldiers on Poland Belarus Border
Will Russia Invade Ukraine? - What Do Russian People Think?
Invisibility 100%
Please don’t invade Ukraine no one wants this
In the Vyborgsky district of the Leningrad region, the Cancer Lakes reserve is located. For the convenience of visitors, wooden flooring has been laid here, and it is convenient to watch birds from ornithological towers. Photo: vkus kakao
Десять самых провальных фильмов всех времен, сливших бюджет
Would you like to recommend me some Russian rock bands ?
Russia should invest in chip manufacturing and semiconductors like right now.