This doesn't bode well for in-person learning
UC Irvine fires professor who refused to get vaccine, claiming ‘natural immunity’ to COVID
I hate school
For my fellow jewelry loving anteaters
did anyone hear back from merage about changing majors into business admin yet?
CS Majors GE2 p/np
ACC students, are y’all back on campus yet?
Any Groupchats for PubHealth177?
ICS change of major
plaza verde sublease
Is it normal to be a waitlisted student on canvas or is the class not supposed to be there?
what happens to moving back into my dorm if i test positive for covid right now?
Acc CA/RA
Arroyo vista room locked out
Management 109 with Todd Richey Winter 2022
Which one will it be after week 2?
Anyone know professor tuyen nguyen!? I registered for D111L course and finally today professor nguyen has been set to teach this class. I looked him/her up but no luck in the uci rate my professor but some 1/5 rates in santa ana college😩. (Also looks like he/she was professor TA for a while)
Are there any open classes without restrictions
UCI's zoom classes are in session and I can feel the social isolation creepin in on people so I gotta ask you:
“Eighty students and 13 employees reported testing positive for COVID-19 on Monday...” - UCI Digest email.
does uci cover acc housing?
(affordable) Notebook recommendations for class
Food in isolation housing for the weekends, I think it’s sufficient!
Places to study during weekends
Are the Covid Tests at school free for all UCI students?
Acc summer payments
VDC Data Cap?
Group Chats for these classes?
Acc graduating
Credits from CC class
need help finding a nice place to live
econ20a or anthro41a discord?
Y’all someone pls help me
Is there a charge for cancelling a Covid test within 24 hours through the student health portal?
lost wallet guy
UCI-led team develops new biopsy technology for analyzing multiple tumor tissue biomarkers | Mapping cellular spatial organization and interactions will advance personalized treatment
SEX!!
Meal Plan Status
Discords
Do we need the green to go container to get food from dining halls?
Desktop test
Yo are we online or what???
Question for the guys
ACC Renew or Reapply?
Pre law students, let’s be friends!
how long to get approved for course drop?
Covid Dashboard Update
Health Insurance will reimburse at-home Covid tests
help :(
UCI VIRTUAL SPEED DATING APP INSTAGRAM : @Noveil_app
How Einstein Learned Physics - Scott H. Young
Is anyone else trying to renew their ACC lease and are unable to click on the “lease term” drop menu?
Is it easy to find a house for two months during summer
A reason why you shouldn't lease at Plaza Verde
ACC HOUSING ROOMIES QUESTION
issue w acc renewal app ;(
Summer housing
how long does it take for drop approval to happen?
Guarantor for Camino
password is now incorrect?!
ucb student thinks they're too smart to date someone from UCI 🤡
ucb students thinks they're too smart to date a UCI student 🤡
What if we all boycott and don’t show up to school on the 31st? 👀
In Person Instruction
parking permit for extenuating circumstances
Good coffee shop
In person class
F in the chat for my poor brita water filter. rip college essential💀😂
Back in person
Help out UCSC students
has anyone gotten their glasses from the uci optical shop?
FAVORITE PART...
We all in this together please support us (UCSD)
Psychological distress may increase your risk of contracting COVID-19 and worsen symptom severity, study suggests
Just curious
CS116 Material and Curve?
im afraid :/
Email your profs. They actually listen!
❤ FAVORITE PART...
Discord for math 2b, econ 20b