I’m really sorry about your situation :( Although I love the names Sapphira, Cirilla, and Scarlett!
It's wonderful because it's awful. At not with.
Kings fan here, good luck to you guys! Will be an interesting game to watch! 
I didn't know that, thank you for teaching me something today!
Thank you for asking questions and recognizing that there may be things that you don’t know or understand about police tactics. Seriously. Thank you.
You’re welcome
100%! Congrats on your job too!
I’m sorry to hear that friend :(. It’s for the best most likely if she didn’t accept you for who you are
Girlfriend weak as well, that jump was pathetic.
[NAME] has towed the line of the Dark Side. He wouldn't cross it by doing something like this.
Lol! But I love your last name though. XD
Translation }}} I wish I could afford it.
It's great that you're a recovering addict, that's cool. Have you ever tried DMT?
I've also heard that intriguing but also kinda scary
I never wanted to punch osap harder after seeing that However not too hardly I cant afford them taking everything away
The thought of shooting anything at asylum seekers is appalling.
if the pain doesn't go away after 4 hours or so, it's broke.
Triggered:: Welp guess it's time for me to re-up lol
I'm autistic and I'd appreciate if you remove that comment. Thanks.
I know you're joking, but there are people here either stupid or desperate enough to believe and perpetuate such idiocy. 
May regret asking but foid ?
This guy is a little turd but I love him so dearly. I'll pass on your kisses :)
I'm going to hold out hope for something minor even though it looked really bad. Just going to wait for the official news.
i mean, yeah tbh.
in what universe? lol the mr. blue sky cover is one of the best on the album imo.
You didn't watch it to the end.
please dont bring a woman in as a sex toy for you both. hire a sex worker instead
A surprise turn of events! I'm so glad you heard such great things about yourself!
You sure? They seem so much brighter on screen lol
This is honestly the cherry on top of the cake with this story. That's absolutely hilarious!
OP is just a kid. Let's just move on.
Get back on your meds mate..You aren't funny at all...
"""But Aunt [NAME], I don't *want* to send Grandma back to Italy!"""
I thought it said “now my biggest fear is the thing living inside my casket” like, *weet doo feek?!*
Yea... I'll have to pass on the carpool with a username like that
I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.
Thank you for articulating this for me. It's just like that.
Loving everyone so far. This is going to be a great season.
If you have any other links handy I'd love to see them.
Thanks will check them out!
I’m so sorry 🤪
Help, help, I'm being repressed!
I know people around here may mock me from my optimism but what if we get actual desings for the crusaders in Heroes?
Crap. I need more Excedrin. STAT.
Borrowed time is stupid
My only issue with private schooling is it discourages those with children in private schools from wanting money to go towards public education.
Lol looks delicious
You gotta work on you dude!! If you're not confident you're not ready, get yourself straight And all will fall into place. 
Some great advice right here!!!!!! I forgot about this
death of fear is certain.
I agree. His parents were very supportive then. When they did a cast change, they decided to make his parents jerks! 
Eff your video - love Canada 🇨🇦 Stupid geolock
New Haven has tons of locations that have strong cyber punk-y vibes at night!
"If he was stuttering the words ""I sell to others and we need to do your time on."
Thanks for the good news!
If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless
Not at all. I'm not going to argue with someone who doesn't understand what a strawman is.
Fucking love [NAME]. [NAME] best couple don't @ me
Thank you! I call on Monday to find out when I have court
>happily live in any hole they find. What's my love life got to do with this
Not really cringey. Its not really embarrassing for you i think people might just feel bad upon reading it.
Because of this bad situation some people are afraid of becoming youtubers because of this
That’s how you know they’re happy.
I’m so proud of you for taking care of you and your babies, mama! We love you and stay strong.
Wouldn't wipe my arse with it.
Lovely places to buy from but very hard to get a good price as a seller because of their high rents (and bargaining expertise!)
That's too many pills
it is actually called a mechanical bull
No point in getting rid of Keemun for another Keemun.
Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.
Talk about an oldddd school shit coin.
I'm on board the Saints hype train. [NAME] is an amazing QB.
All the ladies can stay at my place.
My girl has slowly been getting more and more into different [NAME] music, but she will always make it a point to play this track. I love it
You have a nice bro.
I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure. 
Hi, [NAME]! I thought I would stop by and wish you a wonderful and prosperous year! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
i love how the caption implies that the only unrealistic thing/ the only thing that gives away the photoshop is the sleeve lol
I agree with the concealer part for the cut crease but that's it.
When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts
[NAME] stopped napping at 18 months. We’ve been implementing quiet time since. It’s wondrous.
I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem
> one of the better diss tracks out there Lol okay
It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now
Do you have the link to that ? I would love to hear the story from him
Or finishing in 91 minutes and sitting there for another half hour, bursting for a piss
Hope gallery for sure, had [NAME] do mine and a good friend back in 2015. Not sure if he’s still there, however.
Wow that’s scary, she’s so young and healthy. I hate that. 
The worst bbq in Texas Edit: Some of you are getting seriously r/wooooshed It's their slogan.
How dare you! Don’t you know seatbelts cause autism!
Only bet on games you like. Sometimes go a couple days without action. Betting just for the sake of staking something is never smart.
Life Hack Attack has become Attack Everyone's Life and Hack. I love it.
Exactly, but I guess I've gotten used to people forgetting the club exists haha
This sounds an awful lot like khorne......
I’m glad you had a great time here! Wishing you safe travels!
Just rumors online, it most likely won't happen
Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.
I was teased for being a virgin when I was a 6th grader- in 2005
I love that quote, thank you 
You also can’t prove it happened so logically this doesn’t exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159
I have a bad feeling I’m gonna regret not tuning into this
Damnit Morty! D'you see wha-rrrgh-t you've done!? We're fucked Morty, the squirrels - they're recruiting dolphins now Morty. 
Fuck you.
$15 a month for a music service is more than Netflix. Thank u, next!
The original is funnier... or at least it's funny, to begin with.
Wow what a disappointing game. Wish we would have showed up
Point proven. Thanks
That’s normal for girls, lol.
Proud of you.
No, what’s sad is saying the same message like it’s news. He’s a copy paste machine. No original thought.
And [NAME], would again like to apologize for any misunderstanding.
I didn't know that, thanks for the clarification.
Hey! Your mom sucks.
Didn't know that sub, thanks!
Yea, very rude. Avoid anything with a strong smell like fish and popcorn, curry is just as strong. 
I got a lot of withholding to throw me into anxiety.
Nah, he's much smarter than I am about soccer.
My friend and I have been having good fun queuing Mei/Winston, trololo, and 2 bottles of whisky.
Praying for me family.
Gotta keep losing to make sure 5th is our worst case scenario
[NAME] can’t space and [NAME] is getting worse defensively
I am generally a happy person. If you like to pay millions of dollars to semi-literates to represent your government, it's up to you!
That's what I'd hope for! Retool the D day 1, if we could find a gem at QB day 2. 
Tl, dr - Take the abuse. Squirming only gets them off more.
You're probably joking but [NAME] has been pretty insightful regarding the yellow vests in France. I was impressed.
Thanks! Do you think I should talk to her or drop it for now?
I love koln
That’s cool. I had a few baby teeth dipped in gold and made into charms for a bracelet. Gorgeous work.
Thank you, that is interesting!
I only eat cronuts cuz I'm sophisticated!
That was an incredibly dumb thing to do. [NAME] is an idiot for trusting her.
Fascism doesn't even exist in America. [NAME], these kids are so sheltered. 
[NAME]... I'm sorry. This is just wrong. I, can't.
Hate to be that guy, but that's not DDR, that's Pump It Up, the Korean DDR rip-off.
Yes, he did. 
>if your car is so great why do you have to fill it with petrol all the time This is how stupid you sound
Well done dude! Seriously :) But keep it up, don't lose this momentum.
*10 minutes of awkward roleplay*
I love you, brother. 
It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?
Pretty shit tbh with you
thats amazing!! Congrats!
I did twist my ankle trying to play that on DDR.
I genuinely think that would be an iconic shot if it was in a famous horror film. The way the legs just keep on coming is terrifying.
I’m only denying what’s not true, and [NAME] being my name isn’t true. 
The sad part about this is that these memes are more Gen Z if anything...
> it will not make her look like an idiot It would be hard to make her look any more like an idiot than she already does.
“You have no clue what fascism is” Goes on to promote literal genocide tactics. You’re despicable
Clearly not well enough
Yikes that's cringe
No I wish. They don't come to Texas very often.
Ouch. That hurt the ego. And that’s not easy to do.
Yeah, without the music that scene would have been much worse.
Interesting. I thought so too. I’m just thankful I have another parish I can easily drive to for mass. Thanks again
Honestly I agree. We should shun vegetarians regardless of the [NAME] thing. /s
Thank you! I ended up assigning a dbq and paired students up
Combination of lapses in defense and the continuing saga of the Sabres' god awful PP.
I'm sorry you fell for the carnie, bro.
I've always wanted one of those but like worry it'll make a huge mess in my washer
I’m a fan of them in the wild, weasels are interesting. Not as pets, nope. 
This is scary and so very sad. Eleven??? A baby! I was still building forts. I weep for this child.
The hell? That’s like one-in-a-million chance! Only thing that’d make it crazier is if we’re in the same city lol
MeToo is about sharing personal stories of sexual assault. Reframing it as accusation based, and as furthering a kidnap, is fucking disgusting.
If [NAME] is being considered for all defense, [NAME] needs more love too
I have a really nice tempurpedic one and about 6 king sized fluffy ones that I use to just fall asleep hugging
It's actually remarkable how universally disliked [NAME] is as a commentator in the community but he still commentates at practically every big melee tournament
Today is the only day I really hate my job as a dog walker
And oops AND a yikes. Maybe even as much as an OOF. Definitely a wow from me
This has already been posted on this subreddit but thanks.
Let it go, look to the future, do not live in the past
It’s endless the amount of white papers written in the last 3/4 years. Not one has been any good or any use
209 comments and we don’t get to read any? All that good pasta advice going to waste. Shame.
I **LOVE** that the players are finally getting into the game. People feel invested! I like that!
Despite all the [NAME] hate in/on /Melbourne, here is a beautiful Indian song for you all 
What is beautiful about this planet? Nature is cold, harsh and full of suffering and pain. There is nothing beautiful at all about it. 
Our father will protect us <3
Looks like he has a history of being an awful human:
Thank you for this. This sub isn’t a rating or selfie sub. There’s literally no poly content on this post.
I think teams will still cut the cross-seam that made [NAME] and [NAME] so deadly last year. This is awesome nonetheless.
Seeing how I was as a teen and how most teens are, nope! Dont want to deal with that.
I think the real reason is good press and booze
It’s a joke.
No! They’re still on the sidewalk right there! With literally absolutely no way around them!
thank you !
I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!
Shes awful and its all about her. Try again. And when the show has awful ratings thatll be confirmed.
Not yet! But I waiting for a miracle any year now!!
And then you're stuck on that medication for life, sounds like a scary trade-off.
I'd love to collab with some reddit folks on NFL Draft prospect scouting, rankings and mock drafts if anyone is interested.
Well I heard advice everyone to listen to this episode it was extremely interesting.
I downloaded this album yesterday, and love it!
Thank you; I tried.
Me either. But I sometimes fantasize about it.
Ahh, so the exact same place he was last time. wonderful lol
Please explain “Hoover/ed”. Not familiar with the term. Thank you-
Probably, I knew this lawn chair was a bad idea.
He’s going to the Bengals at 11 and I hate it so much
Before all of the BS lol
Make fun of them all you want; fact is they won during the regular season when we couldn't.
I'm so doing this!
Losing my identity, wondering have I gone insane...
Sounds good.
Because in some cases parents are basically having their own children kidnapped and held against their will and forced into these programs. This is child abuse.
If this thread turns into a shitshow like the last it will also be locked. Fair warning...
Welcome home!
[NAME], [NAME] is starting a marriage with infidelity and drunk proposals. I hope a happy and long married life for him.
It's kinda odd that people are downvoting you without providing well-sourced counter-arguments to the points you're making.
"I wish this was real but for girls, so I don't have to taste the bitter of being rejected because ""You are not my kind""."
Welcome to the freedom and democracy circus that is 'mercuh! 👍
Yeah. Basically Sky Germany and Sky Sports aren't reliable at all
The UN said the election was a sham. The man is causing death destruction and starvation. Your morals are completely and utterly fucked.
You should take the time and go to the doctor.
This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.
When [NAME] pisses off his daughter and wife. Daughter: “You’re not my Daddy anymore” [NAME]: “You’re not my Daddy anymore either”
lol why don't you read about the Iceland one and get back to me.
Oh god another injury
Thank you for sharing this. I found my house in 1938. Very fascinating stuff :)
"Narrator: ""They did not"""
Yes, you selfish prick. 
[NAME] so cool
I always fall for this joke on here..
"[NAME]?! Is that [NAME]? I know ""meegwetch"" means thank you lol"
it's hurting my heart :( why did you leave me
Other than a lame attempt of being insulting, what part of anything you said has anything to do with what I said?
You need to recheck your science. A simple Google search will yield research articles showing a biological and genetic basis for being LGBT. Happy reading!
[NAME] fucking practice and watch some tutorials before fucking up a $100 bottle of French champagne
Wowowowow!!!! I’ve been campaigning for [NAME] too!
But they didn't because it's fake.
Happy cake day to him
Yes. Ignore and move on
Happy? Not really, but glad we can come to a conclusion to my offhand semi in jest reply.
Naaah, that is and always will be [NAME], especially since her redesign in MKX. perfect waifu.
Lmfao lonzo? That guy is not nba talent. World is gonna spank that ass
I actually did talk to him. You can see his response to me, I linked to it in a comment. He called me a land whale. 
This sub doesn’t like the pro sports teams until they win a championship. Then everyone becomes a die hard fan.
Had one good year that was it, then joins a god squad that struggles to qualify
Break up and be firm about. You’ve already admitted to being dishonest. Why lead him on?
I’m not a fan of that hire at all... I’m also not a fan about how that all came out. All around bad.
Thats absolutely disgusting.
No, that looks h*ckin delicious 
Don't listen to the idiot, we love your posts!
Man, never underestimate the power of a crock pot, some frozen chicken, veggies and cottage cheese.
There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.
Sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings.
Lmao I hope I’m not the only one who gets this
This man makes aggressive grunts while breathing
Wow! Now that's some propaganda we could use more of!
Yes! My Big Fat Fabulous Life
My mom used to think [NAME] was the handsomest NFL coach for what that’s worth.
Sorry your right
I trust Safeway over Great Canadian Superstore for my meats. I know I'm not alone in that regard. Safeway has some pretty good cheaper meats.
I missed that part unfortunately
Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic
This.. im sorry but this is a dumb reply. Ofc it was fake kindness golly
China cheating the rest of the world is horrible for the economy and society.
>overt racism of that level would not be tolerated in America My thoughts also. That's why i needed context, its very VERY odd.
I'm not apologizing for it. I just didn't think there was something this blatantly immoral in the new testament.
So handsome
I am embarrassed to admit that I was shocked to find out that his books all had the same exact weight and that you knew what that weight was...
No superbowl @ lambo for this generation; hopefully global warming will make an impact in the next 30 years. :)
I know. I didn't say I agreed with it did I?
All I want for Christmas is a broken home
Well I'm trying to improve, man 
Thanks a bunch <3
I just want tk be a random scumbag
I agree that you need more time in the later turns. But most games it feels like people wait until it is their turn to start thinking.
Hopefully you saved that letter!
Would I love to be a fly on your wall right now and watch this whole debacle.
What do you think women do? I’m quiet as a churchmouse when I mastrubate, too
He keeps saying this in my playthrough when that's definitely NOT what I'm doing. I just suck at hunting!!
One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary
This was so touching ❤️❤️❤️
Wait... dogs can’t use ladders!
That’s just fucked lol talk about cheap.
What the fuck is this about?
You could notice he was a little bit nervous, i think that was the main reason for his way of playing in this game.
I didn't realise this was happening! Thank you! It was hard to tell from OPs photo what the changes were
Lol omg yesssss. Probably the best suggestion anyone ever told me 🙌🏼
Thanks so much for the advice! Will definitely keep that in mind
Subscribed to sjwstories, thanks for informing me about that one!
I like this feeling
Trusting readers is something we cannot afford in this day and age.
Not really, just wanted to know why specifically you thought he was on gear. (Because I honestly don't see it)
Don't include me in this us! Just kidding.. We need some love and fast.
Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.
She's not an hero we deserve, she's an hero we have. 
[NAME] and [NAME] going on a bike tour is awesome IDK why I love it so much
Are you fucking serious? That’s a foul??
Agreed. There is r/clevercomebacks but this is just not even that.
Dark Crystal, Neverending Story, Labyrinth. My holy trinity of movies I both loved and was intimidated by as a child.
All it takes is just a bit Practice and thanks!
As a lifelong single person, [NAME] offends me. Feels like I'm apart of some demographic that they can live without :(
So creepy. Made me check my locks.
[NAME] I hate my hometown
You shut your mouth
Oof that’s terrible
Which side story? Thanks for the info!
People like you with premature ejaculation and poor hygiene should not write long posts. Am I doing it right?
yikes I am not reading that, the napkins are over there sir, have a nice day
No, it's not that one
You're in luck!
Thank you, its like if you looked a camera that was taking a picture of your ear, you wouldn’t be able to see it.
:) thank you!
Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!
Awesome, love the input! I totally get what you’re saying!
I would hate to see another [NAME] situation where [NAME] gets hurt again because he wasn't fully recovered.
Much love half purple homie
I know a couple of people who are. It's amazing to watch.
Must be a tough life when all you can think about is sad stories to keep you from enjoying anything.
I believe in you. Do what is right for you. I hope you feel better soon too. ♥️🙂
That's sad. I'm 16 and where I am there are loads of athiests my age. It's great.
"Same here! I thought too long and hard about whether or not la jolla/Encinitas was known as the ""treasure coast"""
Do you have any non anecdotal stuff to say or? Also burden of proof is a thing, you made a claim, prove it or fuck off
I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s 
Toxic feminism is ti blame
Now we need [NAME] to reunite with [NAME]
Yea, I'm willing to bet the auto makers have known about this technology for quite a while.
Rest in peaches J2D or whatever his name was, nice meme
Raise them early in the way of the Braves! Congratulations!
so glad we picked this guy up. was absolutely terrified when we played against him. dude was in the zone.
I was there in 89-91. Some of the best years of my life.
Wow, you folks sure are salty about losing the midterms! Pathetic?
I'm using mine on the Consumer Cellular customers that come in mad at me because they have to set up an Apple Account to use their IPhone.
"Lol what a terrific audience. Maybe rich people saying ""come beg"" is kinda like wtf bro."
Yep...this sub blasted me for hating the casey hire and still refuses to admit his big faults
I would love to see some encouragement and smiles on the sideline instead of yelling and whining.
Thank you.
I want to be a sister ♥️ I have lots of nail polish I'll help!!
It’s a terrible thing when someone who doesn’t let themselves laugh has a reddit account
Thank You, that does seem to be the consensus. 
"Did anyone else read this and say ""Fuck yeah!""?"
"I'll pass the ""I'm not crying you're crying!"" part. Yeah I'm crying. "
Thank you very much I appreciate the enthusiasm btw do you know more or less how much space will I need to install it?
Oh ok that makes sense then! Thanks for taking the time to explain. 😊
That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.
He’s a way worse version of [NAME]. I don’t think anyone is putting him in their top 15 besides Bears fans.
You're disgusting
Exactly. We’re only here for the money, assholes. 
She is probably cheating on you. :(
It would be mostly home-grown terrorism, angry at all the people fleeing from overseas terrorism.
Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason
Personal insults aren't allowed around here. 1 week ban for first offense.
I've been watching it recently and it is such an amazing show!
Why would you mention [NAME]? Lol
Don’t tempt me!
I hope you get the help you need. Truly.
I love this ahahah
U guys are like match made in heaven ♥️♥️♥️
Ah yes I used to enjoy those. Before the dark times. Before the days of a FOX less Netflix.
First [NAME], now [NAME]. Stop the conks. Please. 
This is one of the worst I've seen...
[NAME] for reasons of his ACL. Although, assuming everyone on the list was fit to play, I'll say [NAME].
Almost like being in Love by [NAME].
Your username makes me think you would appreciate this joke of mine.
Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.
I sure hope so
You seriously reposted your repost of the same repost you reposted again.
made my first reddit account to downvote this. thanks?
thats some very advanced way of thinking - and I dont think I was able to do that when I was 18
Damn. I'm sorry. What misery.
Oh interesting username
Thank you for saying this. It is disrespectful to me. And it hurts.
You should've smashed his head into it.
> don't tax anyone what a stupid idea.
Aww, thank you [NAME] for capturing me!!
Ohh.. Thank you!
Well thanks for sharing. I loved it. Do you know of any others from them that aren't well known?
And yet it looks like one thing you can't is read. Shame shame.
Shit you are right! I can't believe I forgot to mention that as well! Thanks for pointing that out ;)
I get wound up over completely imagined conversations too 😅 I'm trying to meditate and learn to stop myself from going down the rabbit hole.
[NAME], he’s who I’m most excited to see develop 
no one cares my guy
Contractions is equivalent....body can only deal with...us women with labor.....I don’t like the way this person speaks.
making photos look pretty
Maybe [NAME].
But they are spectacular.
She's absolutely stunning in that photo
Dummy I'm disagreeing with you
I would try rubbing alcohol, high percentage. Looks greasy to me.
Gross. I hate using those reusable cloth ones because they retain smells. You've got cats? I know, I can smell them. 
I don't know any but my own I'm afraid.
Most valuable comment
[NAME], learn some fucking grammar and punctuation. Maybe use some paragraphs. Just an idea.
Yeah. If you try not to ignore the photos it's right there.
This internet stranger is also super proud of you! Way to go!!!
Idiots are downvoting your correct comment.
If that’s true it’s very desperate. You would think he had some better way of communicating.
I believe that you can search for providers here. Good luck and good on ya.
Because the hierarchy is afraid they’ll get burned.
Nah I dont think the panthers are good enough
I hope so but doubt it...
Oooh. Look! Big man over here!
This almost certainly should not have gone to OT. SEC refs are bad CBB refs are bad
Not at all. It's great of course for financial reasons, but it then makes me worried about how much time she'll have for a relationship.
Matchroom squad dismiss [NAME] as not existing anymore, the sky media influence is scary 
I love you guys. Beers on me
Unfortunately for you, no one of importance cares about your absurd views. 
making us look like punks, disappointing
Probably the most rational way to look at this entire scenario - thanks for posting this my dude. That comment set me straight again.
I provoked by breathing too hard. And yes, I hate that. 
[NAME] was a great coach
Fuuuuuck. That’s the worst I’ve seen.
It is. You generally need 5 down and 5 up to play reliably. Also wired.
"[NAME] that website is cancer. Also I love how the main ""entertainment"" in it is straight up harassment."
This is really cool and well made!
I will always love ohare because it is the home alone airport
Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.
He is nearly 25, can't shoot, can't dribble and does nothing great. He wont improve much.
So [NAME] is really a fan of playing the bench vs the other team's starters at the end of halves. Really finding every tanking edge possible.
yeah, those seem like they'll flop around quite safely... 
Glad you enjoyed man, yeah it was pretty spontaneous too, I was praying I wasnt about to pull some bartard move and get jammed lol.
I'm here again to say I love your art and it brings me joy when you post it on this sub bye!
Too easy. I’m selling at $18k on Jan 12, 2021 so I can be pissed at myself for not selling the top
College is a very lonely place. Very stressful, very lonely. [NAME]. Good luck out there man.
Omg, thank you!
Interesting. Even if most disagree with it, I'd love to aee a resurrection of some sorts in IX.
True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)
This is amazing
clearly no one is getting my joke oof.
Adoration is definitely something I could do more of. Thank you!
That’s pretty accurate
They have directly targeted civilians. It's disgusting.
looks cool, i want it now.
The applause came from [NAME] and his group.
Um, excuse me? I'm a *rolling* rabbit hole, thank you
I don't find anything about women appealing.
-30°, then again I'm only 16. Been a while since these temps have come around so it's not pleasant.
Resetting a dislocated knee hurts like hell but it feels a lot better immediately after.
Someone with erectile dysfunction already can't (conventionally) orgasm. What the fuck are you talking about?
This is creepy.
Would love to donate as well!
What a charming puddle of smegma.
I'm flattered but I'm a good [RELIGION] scarf
That would be okay, I guess.
Paraphrasing [NAME], this brought warm feelings to my heart.
You’re not a loser. You’re a whole and complete person unto yourself.
Excellent collage, I learned so much from all these guys. The community is great, the unconfiscatable conference was awesome 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Lol you're so close to getting it, dude. So close. 
Thank you for clarifying. I was just thinking about how picky a lot of my family is (adults as much as kids).
Sorry you had to live there. Good news is they are demolishing it in 2020.
Considering how beautiful every single person is, there is far too much ugliness on Earth. 
/u/897w346354365fdddfs said: > You're funny You're shilly
That made me smile. Thank you!! And yes, definitely replacing her on my reference list lol. 
Well the good news is once all the boomers die off you won't have any pesky old people to blame anymore.
What a cute little accident you turned out to be
Yeah thank you you ungrateful bast.....
Great idea! Thanks :)
Yeah I sympathize with this sentiment. The flow of Michigan fans into the cfb subreddit this year was overwhelming. Even as a fan I was irritated.
Well [NAME] made me laugh
Ah, a classy man
[NAME] funny, girl.. not so much 
Holy smokes, good jobs!!!
I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. 
Ok, we get it. You're a top.
We finally lost a game while I was shuffling my tarot deck and now I can’t decide if I should try again or if the luck ran out
I got bad news for ya'll. I picked Chargers, Colts, Saints, and Cowboys to win. So Eagles might be winning :/ 
At least she's correct
[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us
Of course man, I really appreciate this. But it's okay, I can just message you through here. It's fine:)
Dave & Buster’s is a great suggestion!
"""Here's your fucking well done with pink in the center [NAME], jsut like youre stupid fucking table wants!"""
Got it. Sorry you feel that way man. I hope you find your own way to impact the game or enjoy it next year.
Good luck and have fun
Honestly, I'm just happy I got traded to you guys, rather than a team like the Leafs or H*bs
Right now it sucks ass I gotta squat in snow in the freezing cold in the back yard of my apartment complex holding a little bong
If it's true i'm sad he's leaving but I wish him nothing but the best.
I mean, they did just that in Djibouti I believe, and Sri Lanka before. Hopefully Kenya can avoid the debt trap
Congrats! Enjoy a free slice, I think you know what to do with this 🍕
[NAME] is pretty cute...
Interesting read, but horrible format on mobile.
[NAME] wept.
It still wouldn't make sense. The problem isn't the looks
they already ruined their own lives by having an affair. the other spouse knowing is just a consequence of their selfish actions.
If I ever see that in my area, that will be a bullet to the head. Fuck Reddit's rules.
I will thanks :)
He's protecting and defending the angels now 💚
Fixed That For You
... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...
Those fingers disturb me the most
Thanks man 🙏🏽
Do not use logic dude. Not cool.
Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.
Absolute queens! ❤🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
Drive safely now.
Uhhh I want someone to do this for me!
Really? First I’ve heard of it lol.
It will be carefully tailored to piss their parents off, which I will enjoy greatly :-)
Please treat me with modern medicine. I have gastroparisis.
Again it's weed not heroin. Smoke it. Or sell it.
Try nonchalantly handing them your card as if they had dropped it. I think its normal to be shy. *handing on exit, otherwise it could get awkward
My ETL been trying to tell us every box should take us 30 seconds max, and everyone ive asked about that has laughed and called it bullshit
Praise the [NAME] for REALITY! WOOF!!!!!
No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.
The [NAME] finger wag was sexy as hell.
What a finish
That’s funny to me because all of the teachers of the month this year (with 1 exception) have been science.
These refs are remarkably terrible tonight. So are the sabres but wow some terrible calls.
I'm glad you have someone to help you out! Perhaps over time you'll find it easier.
What a nutbar lol
Oh I wish. 40.
Guilty as well!
Thanks so much, I appreciate the feedback and will send it along the way.
Well that's disgusting
Like at the time, he wasn't one of the best defenders in the league. But grew into one. 
Yeah, and in Brazil we write only in cursive so I don't get those people.
It hasn’t happened yet. Just talk to the supervisor or HR. In the meantime don’t borrow trouble.
Also looks pretty ♭
They are both good in their own way. But the us is funnier lol
Did you kill the shark to get the shark teeth for your necklace yourself or was it premade? Thanks [NAME]!
I’m starting to worry that [NAME] is not okay
I'll see what I can do, thanks man.
Sign my name to it too lol it was so awful we deserve pain and suffering for that!
"""Moose killed my parents."""
I’ve exposed on social media. It made me feel better so I don’t care what anyway has to say about it.
It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way
This was very helpful to me. Thanks for explaining it so well.
This made my rainy day
Some people just need reassurance that they are, in fact, dumb. 
at least it wasn’t the evil [NAME].
Thanks for having that self awareness, as a physician in training I feel stupid daily. It's a very humbling job
Yeah I wish they could just finish 9th every year in the conference
Thanks, saved. Will watch it tomorrow morning :) 
oh cool! Must be tiring for [NAME] though. Looking forward to watching them!
The [NAME] story is pretty amazing. Excellent stuff! My ears are both firmly attached. Thanks.
So no. All you have is lies and delusions. Thanks for the confirmation
Ouch. Hurts because it's true.
No worries! 😊
Added to my meme folder. Thanks!
Thank you for the great recommendation. I'll get on that as soon as I can, and keep you updated.
I like having roads, schools, and drinkable water? You confuse a man for a paranoid.
Feels good man
I'm legit posting this everywhere. It's hilarious. I've given you many chances.
So... she just won the lottery!!
Thank you, I know you’re right, I’m just overthinking for sure 
Wait so I shouldn't try to sell my shavers by telling my customers that they aren't good enough and could do better? Damn.
Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...
Too many injuries. I predict he will be off the roster by September.
What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH
It’s a nice basket.
Threatening to drive your sisters into the ocean is illegal. It's called making a terroristic threat or menacing and can cause her to lose access to your sisters
Haha yes! Ill do that to my cat all the time. He seeems to appreciate the assist
Yep, minimizing massively
But a worker who earns wealth can invest it and become a capital investor. In that case he is literally providing the capital.
Thanks very much, so do I! :)
Yeah, I always thought [NAME] would be an improved [NAME]. It's a damn shame we haven't thrown to him more often.
Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract
It’s funny because this is the summary of most discussion posts on this sub
The black beans were there hidden within the rice!! :) gotta love those legumes
I’m sorry but [NAME] has better memes
Loved it!
“[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything” - [NAME]
This made me snort while laughing. Well done!
Congratulations mate!!
> pushed all of them Hey dumbass you pushed the emergency button
It's still interesting to watch though ... from far away, with no personal involvement whatsoever.
Shaving her legs, hoping the video didn’t cut short and that’s all she shaved in there....
Great post thank you ❤️
"""what you want"" is a populated, limited set, and thus discrete."
Thanks man, my brother and my girlfriend just told me to laugh it off; but the thought doesn't stop haunting me. 
It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.
At home with a viral infection right now! Praying for death and to the god of paracetamol. Ugh.
Thank you for posting this. I never heard this particular interview before.
Just got a bit worried because it's always showed up instantly for me before
As a Cardinals man i agree, makes me want to deck the cunt but hes huge and i love him, so conflicted
Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you
i hate [NAME] and 20 good men
Personally I would take some time to myself and work on spending time with my family since I love them more than my job.
She is during her week of taking sugar pills. Yea I do wish she had mentioned it anyway, I can’t sleep
Thank you. Edit: I have cancer now
As it should be. Great.
That was what was most nauseating for me honestly. Not a single period used once.
Well that sucks. But still if you refuses the test you'd probably have been charged, which is worse.
I didn’t know I’m sorry
Tbh I think there are a lot of parts of chicago that are way shittier than memphis
Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
This is too accurate 😂
Cheers for the reply ;)
*DRAINS, CLOGS, BACKED UP LOGS [NAME]!* *OH, NO, TOILET OVERFLOW [NAME]!*
Yeah, that changes everything.
Is that a tooter lol
Don't apologize. Go grab your favorite drink, some popcorn and watch 500 days of summer instead
oh.. actual physical mail, hehehe I hear ya
Ah, good old single level LAX. I barely remember it except traffic was a nightmare.
Would you like a friend? I sure could use one.
None, I know nobody or have anyone nearby who can help.
You have to live for you. Go get that education, go get that career. Rediscover yourself.
I felt bad for laughing
Lol you could have just said that
Ah yes, the United States Mutant Ninja Turtles. They would dominate every sport.
Lol just leave it bruh it adds character
She looks like a petite adult to me, her face is obviously adult
Link pls, I need to see this! ( I bet he dropped it)
cant wait to go through a rebranded version of this pain again in college too
Baby rape. Can’t make a funny joke about it.
The reason most people don't get the joke is because it's such a bad one, that they think that it's not meant to be one.
Hope so but deadshot was her man too bad they had to kill him smh
He's really likeable but has some flaws. I hope I'm wrong but i don't see him being a phenom like [NAME]
Any one of us could be a journalist, and that level of journalism feeding the masses is mildly scary.
Somehow I got banned for replying to a troll. The mods over there have itchy trigger fingers.
How tf do you not expect people to find them they're the first things that show up when you search joji
says you, too bad you're totally wrong.
Thanks for giving advice to the people who need it 👌🙏
Good kid.
What a legend
the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them
They literally don’t have enough time on the planet to regret their actions.
The best advice I have, which it seems most people completely overlook: Have fun.
I love miramar
Don't you're making me paranoid man
Lmao the brigading is real
The barriers in large only exist with respect to Canadian oil. Other producers (with the exclusion of Venezuela ) seem to be enjoying a very profitable time.
I can't wait to tell my daughter how she used to love me so much she even wanted to watch me poop.
Thank you, I will tackle those too!
Was she? Oh, never been good at picking up on stuff like that. Thanks for letting me know!
Isn't she like a worse version of [NAME]? I always hear from everyone that she is pretty trash.
I was using story of the tower of Babel to say that from a [RELIGION] side people would all have the same skin colour anyway
Because it’s more fun?
Where can you watch community? I can’t find it anywhere and it looks great.
Thank you, I hope you do too. You can always message me if you need to talk.
Nope, you're right, it's the same tweet you're thinking of, check the date. 
oh pls no
My son isn't old enough to remember his brother and my husband and I feel like that's a blessing.
Wtf? Really?
But but r/49ers said it was just bad luck!
Guys how are we doing? Asking because dumb TV in my country prefers Copa d'Italia to fucking Real Madrid lol
You're right, it's relatable. Hope everything's OK for you 
Thanks for your response
That’s impressive you can tell that from the back of his head
I like you.
Sorry. I am avoiding arguments today. Enjoy the video.
Nope. Don't need rewards at all.
If this is serious mate it’s not the kind of shit you should be posting on reddit
I had the biggest smile!
You're right. Respect and honesty has never changed for me, though I realize that's naive
I'm gonna think of a jojo reference for every situation, just you wait reddit. Just you wait...
Vitamin C is water soluble, you literally piss excess amount.
Truth. If he had time for another relationship, he has time to pay for it. 
I had to watch x3 to make sure I didn't miss something 😂
They are new but got over 100 reviews in less than a month so I'm assuming they are just slammed. Thanks for the input
I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.
Anti-vaxers aren't funny anymore, now they're just scary...
I can see why you’ll never be in a leadership position.
I'm sorry, I can't hear your useless badgering over me drinking my 38' from a wine bottle and enjoying my extra $200.
You deserve WAY more upvotes
No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!
Thank fucking [NAME].
"No or low contact. I don't have time for ""family"" that doesn't have basic courtesy for me. "
I’m sure the hornet will be happy if their curse is over!
I do have few friends from there and it's a lovely nation too.
NEVER RUNNING FROM A REAL FIGHT!
I LOVE IT, I would love if they will make season 2... I really enjoyed it
"Its kinda odd,how theres always kinda a war between ""Party music"" and ""Feelings Music"""
I don't need to tell you how you're a paranoid conspiracy theorist you are doing an awesome job of that already!
I love this. you get a favorite.
So what you are saying is that you are not a serious guitarist is you use finger guards?
I miss [NAME]
I have no objection to nudity, but why is this a thing? So dumb. 
you're hilarious. Thanks for the entertainment this morning.
This is a new level of entitlement. THE BATHROOM IS OUT OF ORDER! What makes you so entitled to use an OUT OF ORDER bathroom!
Damn Replays was pretty solid last year. But maybe he should go back to coaching.
Thank you! And yet he's called about 5 of the same on Laca
Reading this made me happy and I don't even know you. Keep doing your thing!🙌🏼
Exactly, you need a Hollywood woman of age to pair off with him. Past 35 should be fine right?
I wanna die!
What about, hear me out now, 2max? It doesn't sound cool though. Could probably call it something else.
thanks for the reply jzplayinggames, have a great weekend.
This post made me smile, cute doggo 
Girls screaming alone gives me horrible flashbacks
He already has a baby with his girlfriend who’s gorgeous
Video games are great, but sometimes it’s nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat
Dipo always be in our hearts. The one that got away
I love [NAME], but man I wish I knew what [NAME] would have been like here.
stay strong!
I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.
Wow... I’m so glad that my dog is lazy like me.
This really tickled my anxiety. I hate it
That’s great! I hope s/he gets better!
Damn, that was brilliantly put. Thank you. I screenshotted it to use on Twitter. Is that ok? 
That may be — we are talking about the stock market, though. :)
Good Job
"If ""everything is political"" then nothing is political because it's all the same. You know what I meant by ""political""."
No wonder why their logo always looks pissed
I love it when people assume things.
Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.
This caught me off guard for real. I actually off my bed laughing. +1
Oh I know. I was just pointing out that our current number one has consistency issues as well so we are used to it.
Thanks for the info! Great pic. I’ve saved it.
cause he constantly hates on [NAME] for no reason other than Petry having the puck on his stick more than anyone else on the team
Lmao. Fuck, you got me good.
I went to your profile to see the other pics & saw your kitty. He's super cute!
Oh [NAME]!
Well let’s hope so.
Beast milk. My favourite!
[NAME] was such a nice and calm person, he makes everything wholesome He was just like his paintings Realistic, Hard worked, and with tons of love
Happy Birthday [NAME]. You wont read this message but itll be here.
I think I’ll go ahead and continue criticizing silly unfounded and harmful beliefs
-9 and I’m out shopping. Sun is out feels great.
Having good people around you is the most important part i am glad you found some good friends:)
I heard the ostrich was sick.
ah, it does me heart good to see NIMBYs in the wild
that's awesome-sometimes getting in the shower seems like an impossible undertaking but you did it
I will, Thank you!!
Nice, I saw them during the Demo and was pretty impressed 
Thank you! Very cool!! 😎
Hunting would at least be more rewarding and fun. Every time I wanna meal prep in RDO I just horseback ride and lock-on to deer.
At some point, we all hate it. Hey it feels good to be real sometimes. 
Can we forget that this moment happened
It smelled even worse than it sounds. You learn just how quickly someone's feet can rot and really stink up an entire bay.
Awe that one was just for me but I really like the post
So they are up thanks
Lmao. I still sing fun with the funk sometimes.
"I would hope that Cartoon Network would have nothing to do with it. Would hate to see them ""Teen Titan"" ASOIAF. "
That’s exactly how mine is ! Wow that’s sort of funny there is an actual name For it 😳😔
It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end
Same here. There's so much good to discover in any decade really.
I LOVED having him; every time [NAME] takes that 18 footer I expect to be automatic only to be very disappointed.
is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]
Why is this still not banned
Our soil needs the help! That would be a really unpleasant job.
Yep i always say this. Absolutely best case scenario is a foul ball. If he puts it in play it's probably a dribbler.
Haha I was thinking Utah but... Florida makes sense too. There’s a few crazy states 🤷🏼‍♀️
Not from but I lived there for 12 years until very recently
I do remember this and wanted nothing more than to kill that guy
Ignorance is unfortunately a part of mankind. We are still so Un-evolved
nice!! I'll try this one
giving great [NAME] vibes
The good [NAME]
Yes, would love a list of your favorites! I downloaded the app and it’s pretty great. 
I wouldn’t mind [NAME] on a 4 year contract
Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.
The inventor of the joke came up with it during the [NAME] administration.
They don’t. Conservatives want to characterize any scoopy news organization as unreliable because they can’t get ahead of them easily.
 You're welcome, I think.
[NAME], just keep doing exactly what you’re doing. I LOVE YOU SO MAAAACH.
This is like aliens coming to this planet, taking you in as a pet, then surrounding you with mannequins. I’d be freaked out too. 
A horrendous amount of Sesame oil, god, that would be awful.
Sorry, realized I hadn’t answered the question lol. Was typing that when your response popped. 
[NAME] is not fascist. Heck,she's not even alt-right
Can't relate because the sadness and loneliness is constant 😎
I love the night shift environment, but hate the lifestyle. I just can't do it. 
I think you should nourish it with activated almonds.
I wish that too.
You know a giant lady as a character would be very interesting in my opinion.
Stop crying already
Great! I love hotsssssssssssss
I would love it ... how does the chat thing work I’m pretty new here
That's way dangerous to keep then together they may break out and start feedig on the other ear buds to gain heir strength
It's good though because itll make you cherish the happy times while youre in them, instead of lookinf back on them.
Meditate. You may need to seek medical help. Good luck, friend.
I mean, it’s kind of her problem. She blithely makes so many mental errors. 
Holy shit bro
That poster is amazing. He needs to sell these online!
I hate people
I guess u were right since [NAME] just posted on ig the Dress made of tampons and pads lol
I love [NAME] as well! He seems like a genuinely nice celebrity
You should watch DS9. It's fantastic, and has a long story arc to follow.
[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].
The people that use the image and leave that braindead comment are sheep, nothing more nothing less.
Tiki Lounge always smells like sewage. I'm surprise it's lasted this long.
Dude, its **life** it's not **trauma**. Grow up 
Just reading this makes me sick
What bothers me is not the fact that someone disagrees with my lifestyle, it's that they constantly go on and on about..that would annoy anyone.
Right? Most days I wish I had really small ones so guys would look at ME instead of look at my body.
Thanks Harvard!
i am a man and i disagree. i mean you logic is worse if you believe it.
Thanks. And wow! Nice burn.
"Wow those girls in the corner ""twerking"" were the best (worst?) part. "
I love this contract structure especially since [NAME] is only 31.
I remember running into teachers at the grocery store or whatever when I was a little kid and having that same feeling!
I'm impressed you found a non troll post of theirs.
You can always tell from the vote counts lol. They're way too blatant
"He also lost a QB battle to a 40 year old and rookie ""project"" QB that everyone thought needed to sit a year pre-draft."
Hope his bare hands are as clean as the griddles. Ready to eat foods need to be handled with gloves . Very cool machine though .
Yeah I think this is a well rounded pov. Agree.
Disgusting of you [NAME] you filthy who're you pedophilic scum trying to beguile our children it's not gonna work I got [NAME] castorated
Watch the FO not sign anyone. That would be the most dodgers thing ever.
Oh, it's definitely working and that worries me a lot. 
It's a repost but this space is too kindness for a downvote, take care 
When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished
22s. Good save. Doing [NAME] work.
No problem at all! If you ever want to talk to some internet random again, feel free to talk to me.
Lol for real tho. But hey, we’re a football, soccer, and tennis school now
Legit I just go to places and tell them to surprise me. That way I get to keep trying new types of food 🥘
[NAME] is the worst coach in bulls history
Im hoping for a relapse too. I like her better, her hair gets darker, her leather jacket comes out. I miss private practice [NAME]
This is terrifying
I don't know who wrote what, but good call - the d's are completely different from one to the other.
So you're male then. Ps ur wrong bud
Is that [NAME] as the commentator? EDIT: just finished the video, feel stupid now
This movie is highly underrated. Part of the problem it has is that Rogue One was SO FREAKING AWESOME!
So you're gay, but you hate men? Yeah, good luck with that working out for you.
[NAME], with his 8th appearance he's the most veteran player there
Yikes. This kind of freaks me out.
Nope, my current response is that both the means and the ends are independently justified on their own accords.
Super excited to watch them in Syracuse next year. Might actually spring for season tickets
It's ok, it's just Gypsy Danger
Yeah, considering guns by themselves aren’t an issue (like I so thoroughly explained to you), that’s a valid argument. 
You got the true ending don't worry, you would only get the bad ending if you rat out your friends or accepted the deal
Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.
Fcking disgusting.
Expected that. Thanks for your valuable feedback.
oh, rich people loooooooooooooooooooove to prey on the poor, they couldn't bear not raping, mocking, humiliating, profiting from, the 99%
That’s how I outfitted my team in that awesome red and black colossus armor.
Me too, [NAME]. Me too... 
Thank you for the info and source. My source is only from guides, experience, [NAME] videos, and [NAME] videos.
It is genuinely hard to imagine what the Magic basketball experience will be like when these two legends are no longer in their roles.
you’re too lazy to google
It’s not unlikely that his family was already imprisoned or dead, which gave him the window to run. 
But I do I still love him and he still loves me but he says im too immature
She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.
Petition to smite BuzzFeed and Vice off the face of the internet for the bs they post Thank you
I honestly hope you do that
Difficult to see how this video wouldn’t have been much more interesting if properly shot in landscape.
Yes, we are going to kink shame you. 
You must be wrong, because this is the sub for intelligent people!!! 
Happy cake day!
Fantastic thanks! If there’s anything I can do to help you out with the interview or your first year teaching let me know!
Wrong. And UBI sucks unless you include an expansive social safety net too
Just get him out of my sight I’m tired of losing and those who contribute to it
>Dumb, but wonderful. That's my kind of a pet. Silly,soft and adorable. 
Yo where they at, I want to celebrate with them.
Shut up about the sun! SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!!
Please post any news you may find about her fate. This is so sad and so wrong. We need to know what happens to her.
Why pay so much character and it feels so good. In the humble of 1996, the website was a skinny stoner with long hair.
I’m so happy for you. Congrats and thanks for the advice
Except it seems like the constant jerking off about DMC was one of the several things that could have led to them drifting apart.
Those words you used. I don't want to believe that exists.
I have the worst memory ever. Idk if it's from all the weed I smoked but I also have a blank mind like all the time.
He used to be a science teacher!
[NAME]. Im sorry
Ain’t nothin good enough for her
Lol, right? Who says that before banging? “Is you ovulatin?” SOOOO repulsive. 🤮🤮
Easy breezy beautiful cover girl
I love your username...
THIS IS TRAUMATISING
Thank you. Yeah this makes sense too. I could be blaming myself more than I should
Get it out of the way as quickly as possible. Some people claim to like it, so maybe you'll be one of those weirdos.
Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far 
Excited for this project to be finished when I retire in 30 something years.
Thank you...next
"Lol I always go with public speaking (""but I'm trying to be better at it!!""). "
Oh right I was for reason thinking it was just made out with. Sleep with is even better. Sleep with [NAME], [NAME]! 
Interesting. Never heard of it. Do you like it?
Lol it's a public sidewalk, I wouldn't call it their set 
Love me some sushi! Have yo give this a try!
That's literally impossible.
Hey quick brag, this post was read by [NAME], episode 63! I'm actually really excited, he's one of my favorites.
Ah TDS victim, got it.
What a horseshit response
So he is half decent. Glad to see your finally making some sense.
[NAME] I wish that was a more active sub :(
Just borrow against your 401k, it would be stupid not to. Unless you plan to retire in hell.
Recently Retired cop here. I love to see this. This is what he’s fighting to stop.
Best sub ever
I want Cowboys and Bears to win so the Raiders draft picks are at best picks 25 & 26
oh the irony
You can't expect him to like food
Good idea, brought to the table by a questionable at best minister, likely for the purpose of shifting focus away from his failures. 
i think the telekinesis could make a great card. sth like: move an enemy card to another position and stun its new neighbors for this round.
Thoughts and Prayers... Go get fucked, fascist redneck scum!
Maybe you can't, but plenty of other people would be able to.
Trier is low key an awful defender
Omg I just looked it up and all the places look so beautiful there 😍 also I’m sorry that it’s homophobic
This is something kids do on their twitch streams to get subs, pretty sad.
Every time, lots of people overwhelm me. I have light sensitivity to florescents so that doesn't help. 
No idea but as of last year there was a cat that liked to hang out there. Hope he’s okay ❤️
Cheers to that, girl. 🥂 
It inhales you ignorant octorok
How dare you, she's in your flair too!
But the best part is the struggle snuggle as we like to call it.
That's a maryland fan comment. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Bless you.
Dumb question: what's a gilding train?
The wage, you Fucking troll. But you don't care do you? See your post history.
Happy MLK day
Good point. Thank you. My condolences for your own loss.
Same.. If I'm particularly stressed out someone just walking down the same road as me feels like they're invading my space.
Why yes that ass is flawless
RNG-based access to very important mechanics is frustrating for some people.
It is. It’s so bad. Then I start blaming myself for liking them. It’s like I have no control over this.
Yes I keep hearing it’s a great and eye opening read so it on my to read list. thanks 👍
I love this cross-over
I’m scared of shots, but I’m more scared of dying. What Anti-vaxxers are scared of is autism
It would be cool but I like his commentating too much lol
Gotta love acid
This does not have to be juice I don’t think. Six months is a long time
Some very fine, well developed grade school humor right there.
[NAME] is clearly our 5th best player
Thanks [NAME] for holding on to our $17.5M. We will be needing that back though.
Wow. Thanks for this.
I agree with this, but I'm guessing it's because he works from home and can work anywhere while she can't.
Well everyone is entitled to their opinion but I think you need to be a bit more mature about everyone having different bodies
I'm as big a packers fan as the next guy, but that car is ugly lol
American democracy is weak but it's not dead. If the intention of your comment was to discourage people from voting then you are the problem.
Well done! Keep it going mate. If you’re struggling reach out to whoever you can!
Glad someone brought that up.
Ahhh, I see it now. Thanks.
You’re a life saver, wish you a blessed new year 
Congrats on the sex!
yeah I agree w you, just annoying that the limit is so small
That doesn't answer my question.
I'm sorry you needed to add this. I thought your humour was pretty obvious, but this is reddit....
Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling. 
All the people in this thread are fucking disgusting
Sadly enough I was thinking the same.
you dirty karma theft
SHE. IS. THE. FUCKING. WORST. P.S. You’re not fat, you just need a stylist. 🙄
I've seen that profile picture before..this guy is a repeat offender
Yes! My SO does that, unfortunately the requirements are stricter and I can't :(
No because thats stupid
I feel a sense of unease tbh
middle of lane is dumb that’s where all the oil pools, lane split seems like no one likes it but that’s more understandable
That doesn’t even look like her! Except the [NAME] in the background, now that’s the one we know and love.
Oh that's good!
I believe it was clear I disagreed. And I don’t play wow.
Let's get things back on track! Happy new year!
This is exactly what it's been like. I feel personally victimised by it all
Enjoy it! You have a good one for your first!
When I get real pissed I just do R2 then R3 after lol.
I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.
That's not cute
I'm glad you did because this was the comment where I stopped my fast scroll haha.
damn that kid can jump
Yow thats gnarly.
you in the wrong *childhood*
Don't chase after out of position teammates. Your life as a Mercy is more important. Let them fools die and learn their lesson.
Great post! I have tried online dating in the past and I've noticed these things before.
Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays
Still can't see. Thanks.
Your TLDR sucks
I like this new trend
"I'd buy this and use the ""wash, dry, fold"" setting exclusively. Sounds great to me. "
Best bedtime Christmas story ever.
Hey it’s not bad though! Quick recovery, just follow their rules! Good luck!
... that's simply wrong.
This is like the timeline from hell.
Really worried about NISA translating it, but at this point I don't care any more, as long as we get an english version of it.
The food you are putting in your mouth is causing obesity. Stop abusing it. A higher body weight is the cause of your increased risk of ILLNESSES
She's been fired and shamed out of existence. Good riddance.
Mmm... chocolate weekends are my favorite.
Aw thanks!!!
I love music but I haven't given a shit about the Triple J's Hottest 100 in at least 10 years
Quite superpower you got there, op. Reminds me of [NAME] in Unbreakable. U beautiful person!
Keep going man. I’ve been enjoying reading your posts. All the best!
This thread was actually inspired by one of your comments
I saw it when it was at the Mackintosh Church in Glasgow, it’s pretty impressive. 
Oh, the show that had [NAME]? Yeah screw him.
That’s better:-) now go get em tiger
This would be very much appreciated.
Damn, sometimes I love people here. 
ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy
That's what I came here for, thanks
I like her too! I hope she does well and stays away from [NAME].
Thank you so much. I fixed it
No thanks probably stank af.
As someone who has polluted their body with copious amounts of sugar, I somewhat doubt steroids are any worse. Abuse anything and it will hurt you.
I love [NAME] already
I really like this ring so I’m glad to hear that.
I'm just really sad all that cake was wasted.
wow this seems like a huge ᴡᴀsᴛᴇ ᴏ- ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀ ᴍɪɴᴜᴛᴇ. ɴᴏ, ᴛʜɪs ɪs ɢᴏᴏᴅ
Thank you :)
there's a lot of lol revs people whenever [NAME] tweets something like this
Honestly right now I just need to know why our usernames are so similar. Haha...
What a beautiful memory for you to have found. So sorry for your loss ❤️
Thank god I'm not dating anymore. I wouldn't want to risk some girl I'm trying to bang seeing my reddit history.
Yes, thank [NAME] the wisest of [NAME] live outside your country
Dam 😣 that was awesome!
Yes owe I believe 13,000$ something on it currently.
You give me too much credit... That comment is as trash as the meme
Wow, really have to hand it to you on knowing 6600 S Harvard beautiful big old homes down there!
No thanks, he’s already been flushed
Honestly his post was a little sad. The fact that it got upvotes makes me want to avoid this sub over the summer.
At my job I can/Do get laid a lot so the second one!!
Yeah that was inexcusable
I made one comment, and you came in to call it childish..... like, what else are you doing besides badgering?
How generous :) you must really make them happy. Good on you for that
Thank [NAME] for the person walking down the sidewalk otherwise i would have thought it was a loop immidiately
Haha I didnt even notice. I guess it does.
Thanks fam jam.
You will have symptoms for a few more weeks while it kicks in, good luck, glad to see youre doing better
He loves buying people beer. He got into that industry to buy people beer.
Nuh uh. She didn't go to Gudger College.
Offense does too. Love [NAME] but he's hurting our spacing being out there so much.
Yes, you do live in a clown world, laugh it up, degenerate.
Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.
Thanks. I'll be phoning the psych tomorrow (maybe) about med increase since I'm on the lowest anyways.
CANADA! HOW ARE YA, NOW?
I can see the place where I grew up on here :)
...I mean, that part isn't necessarily wrong. It's Iowa...
I think bluey is quite possibly the greatest kids s how I've ever seen So quintessentially Aussie, nails family life, funny as hell. Love it
As a whole, yes, if it wasn't for Classified being the greatest thing to come to zombies since bo1, then I'd have to agree.
what a beast
Love this guy, love this team
Right on [NAME] having a big year, but [NAME] was super disappointing this year.
It’s not even bad. Some people love dark humor, especially when delivered in a super serious way.
I only watch bad animes sorry
Thanks for this.
You have a talent use it, take your time would love some pop kids melodies etc subscribers will come for sure
[NAME] and [NAME] = The hero's we need, but not the hero's we deserve.
Nice try Mommy shark
I’ve still not noticed the kid
I for one am happy for [NAME] ballin out. Now let's go win this game !!!!
If you think all manufactured foods haven't got those contaminants then you're sadly mistaken.
I love how he looks around for a flag and doesn’t celebrate at first
This a very obvious joke. Also the old facepalm picture doesn't make your post better.
Way to go! I know who this couple is! they appear really happy!
O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.
Omg I commented on your original post. I hope you’re doing better and I’m glad this all came out and you got closure.
Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.
We’re used to crazy cold weather but this is much worse, a lot of people are just staying inside till Thursday.
Personally really enjoyed it. Have it in my top 3 AC games with AC2 and Black Flag in there too.
Did anyone see [NAME] get pushed around by [NAME] and [NAME] in the post win lineup? I burst out laughing!
That's quite a lot worse tbh
Listening to his speeches are truly moving!
I know right. It feels really good when someone acknowledges your existence. I hope more moments like these come for you.
Sad, but American
Wish they would of given air vehicles some love. A lot of ace pilots hated the game.
I love it
Not in the slightest. Who would have guessed the [NAME] would do this LMAO.
Omg two little blankets for your penis. LOVE THAT.
I like how people are downvoting when this is how so many military coups have happened. I challenge those who downvote to prove me wrong
Wow that’s like - sound porn.
lmao I love this, I love speaking nonsense to myself as well
R&M is still a good show but it's fans have driven it to Fortnite levels of annoyance.
Download it again.
Being lonely without him is far better than being lonely with him. Good line. I'm stealing that one!
I don't think either of them took that bump outside any worse than the other. That was jarring.
Youre right...shes one of my least fav characters. I think they use her as a straight foil in alot of episodes.
FANTASTIC, was watching this episode last night. [NAME] is great.
PS4 with pure vanilla setting, after a little practice counter GB and feint is the easiest thing to do
Canada is full of nice people, but has also produced some pretty gnarly serial killers, so...
Organs are literal superfoods and it weirds me out there hasn't been some fad diet with them yet.
toxic players will sure show you the ways soon enough. Hope you got the game for free.
[NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.
Great! I hope we can make our loan system work better
Super glad this is now all nice and official! Really looking forward to working the NGS peeps!
Word salad. You want America to do Afghanistan's job for them. It's not happening, those days are over.
Rice grad here, can confirm, am owl.
I’ll join your cause brother!
Yea no problem just be aware that when you are trying to aim at someone it can lock onto the wrong target because of the bigger lock on area
It's good if you hate workers and love pollution
"""You should be so lucky."" Bonus points if they get confused. "
Outrage over something that isnt even true. Thats sad man Edit: well the bandwaggoning part is true
he's a con artist. they're pretty good at making themselves sound smart and capable.
Same...except that I'm not good looking :
[NAME] sweetie i’m so sorry
His army of Swedish blondes are going to be upset.
>Sorry, but any city that had any kind of ~~epidemic in its~~ history will have bunches of dead people buried under it.
I agree. There was just a big disconnect. They weren't talking specifically about masculinity but about certain situations that are toxic.
This makes me so happy!
our boi famous
Yeah... THEY are the one looking for attention. This type of comments should be ignored. I hate troll comments.
I disagree. In that I believe that season 3 was also very good. I think it's better than season 4.
We're one in the same!!!!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂
Nobody likes you nonhuman mimics and everyone knows what you are.
Hold my wine, I have to go vomit in sorrow. 
Good. They can afford it.
I know, I know, but CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING NERVOUS
Exactly. So many people live here because they love public transit. It is an ammenity. NJ is not trying to make a profit from the PATH.
This really circled my jerk
Got me spitted coffee all over my phone🤣
I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...
Just like that fucking idiot that was just trying to kidnap that woman, and chased her into a Karate studio... turned out just about the same.
Love the alliteration here.
Try Venezuela. It's your communist utopia in action.
Had to sober up before I could figure out YouTube, but that was amazing.
Why is it that EVERY SINGLE TIME ONE OF THESE HAPPENS I’m only like a day late
Thanks for the help.
It’s the format. It’s like one of those bad [NAME] memes
My jersey has the great number 10 on it!!
This just makes me feel inferior at this point.
Terrible shade of lipstick she's wearing...
Lmao, your joke did not go unnoticed to me!
All I can say is.. good luck bro
Hm, I haven’t heard that opinion before but it sounds good. Thanks for the advice!
Oh of course!
Hurr durr everyone needs to worry about other people’s problems
Physical copies at my preffered online retailer actually sold out. Its crazy. For all platforms.
Parents drugging their kids to prove a point. I love it.
In many states the law prosecutes the server just as harsh as the lawbreakers when it comes to alcohol. Dram shop law
"Haha, some days I channel Dory from finding nemo- ""Just keep swimming, just keep swimming"". Glad to hear you have a break coming. "
[NAME] being discussed as top 15-20 pick, [NAME] top 5 and [NAME] early round 2. This would be the most amazing draft ever though lol
Yet we keep supporting this race to the bottom to the worst tolerable option...
Yeah that's what I just got. Fkin annoying.
I love reading positive stories!! Happy for you, OP!
You’ll struggle to get premier league tickets (without paying a hefty premium) so concentrate on the lower leagues.
And I taught my room was dirty and that I was not taking care of my self. Good job op
Pretty sure it was New Orleans.
I agree. I was merely attacking the fragility and ineffectiveness of democracy. Thanks for the example!
I never understood the part where he dives into a pile of money, even as a child. It seems wildly painful.
Oh alright fair enough haha. If the sabres dont pan out I'll root for him also!
Ur a silly goose
Funny how that works! Thanks for digging up the link, I've been on a 90s ska nostalgia trip ever since I clicked it :P
It's actually pretty cool in here today, not hot at all
Thanks, I find your poor implementation of punctuation to be very amusing. It's good that there's something we can enjoy about each other.
This has to be a joke. Your written word is atrocious.
Hey mods... let's not allow articles pushing unsubstantiated rumour from poor sources
Why not? Just go for it. It'll make a great story to tell at your 50th wedding anniversary party.
"I've said it before, and I'll say it again. ""I don't want fucking unity with racists who put children in cages""."
This is an uninformed and incorrect statement. It doesn’t take even close to that long.
Nah man I prefer endless cause of the part where he goes WOMWOMWOMWOMWOMWOM WOOOOOO REEEEEEEEE like that's lyrical genius right there
"lol, as he goes down on you he suddenly screams into your vagina ""THE BEES THE BEES""."
Ah man I finished RDR2 twice, so decided to try out GTA V and ran into [NAME] last night! Awesome character!
I don't remember, it was all very hazy...
Scary stuff.
I love this!!! You got it!
But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha
I like your style, let's not wait on any historians to miss any opportunities. 
Better hope nobody steals your keys
that's really good
ooohhhh when he look at the camera at the end it's the cutest shit ever
But I think his feelings care about the fact that he's still not tall enough to ride any of the roller coasters at Disneyland
I love how serious and mad cats get when the dog starts messing around with them all playful
Ah ok, that makes more sense. I don’t think most [NAME] would see your last name and try to make it French, lol.
I sure hope so! Otherwise, I've been in the wrong sub.
Yeah, sadly, looks like this champ will be pretty opressive. 
Can’t wait for the saas drama!!! 😂😂
Yeah I know what you meant. Fuck the police, most of them are vile pieces of shit, they deserve every kick in the back they get.
I don’t really have much to say. There’s a bad idea, and there’s straight up disgusting.
Meanwhile my sister won’t even hug my goodbye when I drop her off at school.
She does it again in last nights episode, it’s so shady!!
It's not free, though. It's ridiculously expensive.
Heh, don't know how it was back then but I'd really suggest giving it a spin now - it's like life-consumingly good!
That is patently false, considering his history of driving multiple businesses into the ground.
It’s time for some moderator field work!
[NAME] has some great videos on the guy. He's definitely a piece of work.
Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.) 
Oh. Damn.
[NAME] damn hippies
Haha fair enough. Lucky you :P
I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.
Right like interacting with each other having a normal evening? Ugh they’re both so trashy I’m sorry.
Thanks so much! Im not sure if its directly from youtube its
Now this REALLY sucks
Looks like this person just solved the world’s starvation problem. Get a Nobel Prize ready for them!
I wish I had known this when my kitty ran off years ago. 😭
THIS BULLSHIT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER. SIGNATURE WIN. [NAME] SMELLS LIKE SHIT AND DOESN'T RECYCLE.
This makes me very happy, thank you for sharing!
I was just gonna say this look like fake karma.
Thank you for your service
*OOH* *AH* *OW*
I don't mean at Blizzcon but shortly after, like a week, imo that would have been for the best for the players and everyone involved
Anyway, it's 00:33 am here at the moment, so I'm gonna head to bed. Thank you for reading and good night :)
No it’s definitely you. Time for you to grow up.
Sorry if this has been covered a bunch but what happened on the play where [NAME] got injured?
Couldn't have happened to a nicer person.
A good therapist can lead you to talking about what you need to talk about once they get to know you and your emotions and trends
Idk if I’m wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too
We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY
Needed a good laugh today 😂
I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!
cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.
Best of luck mate. I’ve yet to reach my limit but this brought me closer
This is absolutely precious
Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal. 
Lol nope. She helped me alot through it. I'd say [RELIGION]/parents made me miserable
You really shouldn’t just pat wolves you know...
[NAME] has continued to show how selfish she is throughout the years..we shouldn't be surprised at this. [NAME] forbid she be the bigger person for the kids.
thank you SO SO much for your help <3
I appreciate it! I spent a lot of time crafting a story I wanted to tell.
oh yah, no worries. I appreciate your time and thoughtfulness. 
THIS MADE ME CRY
This is the most high school post I’ve ever seen on this subreddit.
Oh I know lol I overdid it w that comparison. The point is singers have shit vocal nights but that doesn’t make them unprofessional. Shit happens.
He’s gone soon I would imagine, hope we can get a late-mid round pick for him, like a 5th
I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.
""" Alright Little orphan [NAME], it's time for you to start earning your keep around here!"""
Yeah that's not nearly as dramatic and aggressive as the ball in the above video.
I doubt I'll ever own one of those, I'm a bookworm and I love the smell of old books. Thanks for the info, nonetheless.
Lol there you go. Forgot to switch back from your alt for a second there.
I love [NAME], but this sounds like he’s claiming signing a 26 year old superstar is stupid. Come on.
I live downtown and walk around at odd hours of the night all the time. Love the empty and abandoned feel of the city.
Got a good laugh out of that. Plenty of wall of shame material.
Some of them will have to get new vehicles to meet the requirements. That means we get cleaner air. Where's the problem exactly?
Awesome! Thank you!
Humanity is doomed
Probably vallied out man haha
Maybe you'll get lucky and it will fall apart before they go through with it.
He's 38 he should retire I hope he at least gets traded to a contender
Thank [NAME] she did the math for us
Y’all out here really believing this and I think that’s the funniest part
Oh absolutely. No way he should run in 2020. I don't know what alternatives there are though.
how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating
We also one because [NAME] straight took that game over late.
Lol I can’t wait to end up on this sub one day.
And why would I do that? Edit: Thanks for setting up that Walder Frey line for me
Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school
2-4 minutes is not enough time to wash long hair. 10-15 minutes minimum. Stay strong!
That's not a healthy way of thinking. Obviously that dude was troubled and, without proper help, he would have done these things regardless.
I’m glad I’m not the only one who was pedantic enough to notice.
Are you daft ... ? That is and always has been the proposal. [NAME] don't listen and don't care though. Fucking dumbass.
Fun fact. If you combined North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana into one state it would have roughly the same population as Puerto Rico!
learn to say no more. After a few times you have something you like destroyed it gets easier.
I love how many penguins stopped and waited for him 😍
Thank you, next! 
Going to the doctor tomorrow for a checkup to make sure everything is normal and hopefully this shit is just in my head.
you guys got hate in your heart
That’s adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure they’re ok and not getting lost or hurt.
I think you'll find that dating is really difficult for poly men. It's the biggest reason why I'm monogamous.
It’s perfect. You’re perfect. Never change.
“Lol that’s Sammie coates replacement not minds take it how you want to I am back”- [NAME] - AB
THIS IS SO GOOD. Thank you!!!
Mr. Met is a legend! Outrageous. Now... If you wanna talk about hateworthy mascots... The Phanatic fits the bill.
So true! My brain always goes to these places when buying a car...
This is the worst take I have ever heard on cooking ever.
Glad he survived or it might have become a *dead*lift.
> It's not like Bonds use was worse or anything list would beg to differ.
I will absolutely tell him this. Thank you. Congrats for making it out of the fog yourself.
I usually say , DON'T BE EMBARRASSED ! They don't know you anyway...mm
There’s always that one friend 😂
This is a very good point, which I hadn't thought of. Thanks dull!
Awesome! I look forward to updating.
He must smell terrible when he sweats. That's honestly pretty gross.
No R movies or tv shows, no buy from me. But I’m sure people with kids will love it.
lol classic [NAME]
Awesome! Welcome aboard! I'm glad your first game was a win!
I am proud of you random internet stranger, you peopled good today.
Well that explains why [NAME] was able to win
It is so ugly I felt personally attacked by it, what can I say
Thanks for this.😊 I like to learn new things. #experiencematters **Themoreyouknow**🌈 
Thanks
I like it. Ending made me cry happy tears. I don't cry often
I just found my new flair. Thanks [NAME].
Yep. He also said it’d happen on a Manbij patrol
Usually they dont even show up when you call them and they are a rare sight in the city. Good luck finding one.
I hope everyone has a nice day.
Oh I wasn't offended. ITA with you on the rest.
I stand corrected. As I said, wonderful charities. I will always enjoy GDQ, just not revalant to my experience.
my god quit getting blocked
You're* Stay in school lol
Your link won't load and are you seriously citing fucking Syria as a successful example of anything? [NAME] holy motherfucking pecker.
Well one of them is a dirty kimono wearing weirdo
No one wants the wrong person executed for a crime fool
I totally thought that this match would be a draw due to [NAME] interfering. I should never make any picks in the pick'em contest ever again.
Excellent, I was wondering about [NAME] the moron recently.
I hate you for that title. Thanks a lot. /s Right as I’m about to go to sleep too.
Eh, it'll be alright. Just another battle scar haha. Best of luck to the both of us! 
I don't feel so financially secure
Dude you really like The Strokes.
You still didn’t answer the question. Sorry it’s bugging me :)
Because I am a human, and I can do whatever I want, as long as it's not against the law
I cant think of anything funny to say so upvote to give me free karma
No one makes it through. We all die. Just some sooner than others.
It's great! And it's his own choice, you don't force him.
So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.
I can't do that....I don't know how to hard boil eggs sooooo
That's nothing, before BSE we did horrible things with bone meal animal feed. Cannibal cows.
They’re not exactly tiny creatures. Patch that hole up, my dude.
😂 i need one too i’m on break and honestly my life revolves around reddit at this point, cake day is special enjoy it! 
"I've tried the ""peanut butter""...I almost vomited. NASTY! It went straight to the trash."
[NAME] would be really pissed off to lose c3po and r2 to the fucking destroy ending
I really love how this team responds to injuries
I actually find it easier to place spawn beacons in stupid spots like this than a nice flat empty piece of ground.
If you can't see how the mass killing of Landlords is related to Communist ideology, there is really no point discussing further.
I... don‘t see anything wrong with that?
Franchise QB's are leaders who set the tone for the entire lockerroom. [NAME] is a terrible leader.
[NAME] FIRED.
Except [NAME] still went with the happy ending instead of ending it at the Aningaaq scene.
YOU LIKE TURTLES? Gimme a second.
"""You can't stop me"" Ah yes, those playful words when referring to a sexual act..."
Yeah, I wouldn't be too surprised by that either. I'm so excited to see or hear SOMETHING though. 
Wow that's amazing, I hope my situation is as good next year. 
My dad loves playing sport......the sport of slam dunking my arse for a touchdown
Wow! That's awesome! Congratulations! Its wonderful to have hope of being off medications one day.
I feel so bad for [NAME]. It was probably hard to concentrate on this match with the things going on in his personal life
You credit yourself with acheivment you do not deserve. Not a first and defenitely wont be the last time.
I needed this today. Thanks stranger
"I said to myself ""It's going to be reefer madness"" Clicked the link and it was Reefer Madness."
I get hella pissed when people who are shorter than me complain about being too tall.
"""This droid has a bad motivator."""
I would play the fuck out of this game
Yeah after I showed it to my friend a few minutes later I realized what he meant but I forgot to remove my post.
Those are different, you don't tie that shit to the weakest part, they just stay on there by magic
I never knew cringing could be so ...cathartic.
The co-worker thing is generally for the best,the rest I agree.
Wtf if this is true it’s the funniest thing I’ve read all day.
Change your mindset to not expect anything in return, if they do great if not...their loss
I agree with you, I just don't believe it will happen.
You missed the point 🙃
Wow, so he was pulling his own little mini [NAME] scam. Explains why he couldn't use your reporting tool.
WHO WON THIS FIGHT My thoughts: neither side did a good job at explaining their positions and this entire interview was mostly useless
Thanks lol someone else just filled me in on the backstory haha 😂
And they went to therapy. At least they made active steps to work on their problems unlike a lot of other people.
I'm really happy he and [NAME] are finding success
I just say I don't know shit. I'm just a ape man on a rock.
Thank you thank you!
I would not recommend contacting her. That would probably creep her out.
I suppose it is quite frustrating to have someone telling you the sky isn't blue
Yeah, sure, but it's beatable. It's made to be beaten, not otherwise. That's what I meant with my speech.
I love your art style, that looks fantastic!
Welcome to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, where families can be SEPARATED forever
This happens to me all the time I’m so sorry 😣 it’s always with burgers, too. So painful. 
my good girl
"BEN ""[NAME]"" LOVEJOY!"
Can’t stand that dwarfism [NAME] she is so cringe
I punch them in the throat before they get the chance to speak.
Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!
This is awesome. But also r/dontdeadopeninside
Oh my [NAME] that's so awkward
[NAME] and [NAME] are my favorite gay couple
Nice bosses are still just bosses here to exploit you, just to also make you feel bad for, instead of afraid of, defying them
Very cool toys, very cool video, very cool hostd
>the decades after WWII That includes 1950. If you want to insult me, read your own fucking post first
Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.
Thanks for the heads up! I’ve been wanting to see this for a while.
I left the business never to come back. Then I met the owner of this place. I love this job.
I really havent found any of these so far that funny. Although his backflips and other stuff are pretty impressive
I want to go scuba diving so bad, but swimming in anything bigger than a pool terrifies me.
I like how everyone is being so mysterious about the proof that has convinced them
Ha ha ha, thank you so much, he is a total gentleman. Ok, bull by the horns time!
I hope that you still send her a bag each Christmas?
I love how you only see these types of comments on Japanese games, brings out the inner weep.
Don't worry, [NAME] is there.
i actually laughed at that lol good one man
> the ruts laid out for you by the people who raised you I like that. It's the perfect imagery.
I don't mind posts bashing NOED or DS. But I wish this one would make sense or would be funny.
Sorry. I know I should be grateful and happy.
That is so cool!
Wow look at this deep pockets eating a lentil a day, I have to slice mine to last me a month!!!
I enjoy that general area. Sections 203-205 are good sections pricewide and view wise
I mean, a lot of animals I've seen get terrified of regular stuffed animals, imagine having your fears super sized like that
Did I present a braiwashing sect as something positive? Both are bad, but at least you can therapy your way out of emo.
They've provided plenty of evidence that you have only supported so far.
Fine. I hope he has a fine wife and she’s fine if he shall need to pay a fine.
Arguing the semantics of the word argument. Clever girl...
Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.
Was not expecting that spongebob reference
I love it when kids shut down these tired lines we adults feed them. She probably needed that. Well done.
Pam Beesly and Jim... What a waste.
They lived a good life! I honor them by using all their parts
I think that had to do more with not wanting to hurt the old man lol
Oh no that's so awkward, I don't understand how people don't understand how weird things like that are! 
You freakin wizard, I love this. 
a weird way to spell Boys Don’t Turbo Grafx 16
Cheers, mate! I know you can do it! :)
K... I guess I'll just take your work for it.
I doesn't have nudity so i didnt NSFW it, but i get why you'd say that. thanks for the compliment tho
Seriously. The only thing that gave it away was no spelling errors.
That’s always my worst fear when the idea of leaving during January comes up. I wish you the best of luck in unthawing them!
He looks so dapper.
Ohhh lol, gross and funny
Yeah I can understand there their confusion more but yeah. Reminds me of [NAME] haha.
I have always found them grating
sadly it would take wayyyyyy more than this to ever change custody agreements. documenting it for her own sanity is a good idea, though.
"It was SO hard to click the upvote button on this one. It's one of those ""I hate it. Well done"" moments."
hahahaha!! the seedy underbelly of the competitve choir world - exposed!!
Lol maybe he is not but I think my point still stands 😄
Yeah it isn't the same singer. 'Don't hug me I'm scared' is voiced by [NAME], the lead singer of KKB is [NAME]
Holy shit nice block [NAME]
That’s the chelsea board will all know and hate.
"This whole episode is one of my favorites; it has this AND ""Requiem for a Tuesday"" AND ""the Low-Cal Calzone Zone"" "
Clearly not Cubs fans.
Hell yeah, i agree ☺
I doubt people are *happy*, but they probably aren’t sad about someone who was potentially endangering others through their anti-science views.
What a quote. Very perceptive.
I'm glad I could contribute some positivity! All the best to you and your kids!
"I love this; now when commies say they had the word ""libertarian"" first, we can say we had class analysis first!"
This has to be a joke...
Sexy teeth.
What a grim statistic for Canada.
I just want to live. You're the sad loser for going out of your way to comment something so completely stupid
I wanna die I don't wanna live anymore I really wanna die so bad Please return me to the dark abyss I long for death’s sweet kiss
You look the same to me, but I'm happy you had a goal and accomplished it!! You're a cutie !! 
Nope, it’s love. 
Lol I didn’t mind group projects much, I only did when I didn’t have friends in the class.
And here I am thinking that the animation after surrender/Victory is annoying ;-;
Sure but the news article with [NAME] vanishing has been there since the very beginning.
Maybe so. Should I try to ask her about it? I'm worried that will only scare her more
I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.
Read his post again. 'It's more fact based than Fox.' I'm sorry but you might have some extra chromosomes.
Ahhhhh you should start screaming and flailing. What a piss poor argument. Now I believe in invisible dragons.
No he's right, and you're deflecting from his argument.
This is stupid
Just watched the ET interview and it really was good! Love that hoodie strategy haha
Adapt and overcome
This is garbage. No. My garbage has more compositional worth than this. Hipster pepto bismol vomit looking trash.
Going to my favorite greasy burger place in Madison tonight to celebrate my ability to eat delicious burgers whenever I want because I'm in my early 20's
I still maintain the packers were a worse team this year.
I love this. I really want to hug [NAME] now.
They call it the hub and spoke system. They neglected to include a wheel.
I’m always reminded by my relatives on my birthday asking me if I have a girlfriend yet. Sorry bro ima yeet out of the social norm.
"""Thanks for showing me your red flags within the first 10 seconds of interaction."""
I live in Canterbury haha
Happy Together. It feels so natural.
Thanks for the clarification, appreciate that.
I think [NAME] said it best. When two people watch the same video and see completely different events....there's no fixing that.
Looks like a poached egg.
Glad I tend to post pics of my cats and not myself.
I don't think WI is lean red, after 2018 I'd argue for it being either tossup or lean blue.
"""I'm here for the strings"" I like this."
Had my suspicions but didn't want to mindread such a civilized honest actor.
It’s always nice to say something [nice]!
Oh hell yeah
Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings! 
They are very heavily scripted which is why it can be borderline unethical.
No worries, thanks for replying back! Rotary means you teach one subject and see different classes instead of teaching multiple subjects to the same class :)
i'm enjoying this so much
Worst dad ever!
The loading screen has the circle at the bottom that just keeps spinning. I tried uninstalling the app and that didn't work either.
No particular sauce, I'm just kinda tired of having to search that tiny lil speck of pan for at least 2 minutes before I find it.
I don’t like [NAME] in the slightest but I hate [NAME] even more. Get her Belcalis
Kick him out. Overgrown baby.
It's like an Arts school but with dangerous, easily weaponizable spells being flung all over the place!
That sounds like an appropriate response. Thank you for saving me the time.
"Funny part is There ISNT a wall (but maybe should be) and there ARE already plenty of ""Sensible"" Gun laws"
I do this but but feel better in the end because I use it for procrastination. It's a weird combinational to feel better and worse while cleaning.
 I have worked at a shitty, south side smoke shop before so I can imagine all of these interactions perfectly hahahaha
If Studio MDHR did this, I'd buy it.
Such bullshit. Reloading components included? Not that they'd let that stand in subsequent laws if it is.
Thank you, I appreciate it. It was, and still is hard to deal with. 
Feeling insecure now
Found my flair.
it's so funny how the mods in that sub behave in comparison to the mods in this sub
If too many medical professionals die then life will be worse as we cannot get medical treatment
Aha thank you!. I didn't know there is a ca one
"We had 3 whole pallets of this one doll and I'm like ""wtf"" so I checked and the location said 8000 something lmao."
Stop giving this idiot attention.
Wish I was this happy
Good luck with writing in the future :D Everyone has to have their critics...right?
This isn't even his highlight of his week. It's the highlight of the last few decades. Damn onions.
Oof nice one bro
Greetings, fellow resident of a rectangle with a pointy bit in the corner.
Way too much fuuuck
Ok im om the hunt thanks
Well since they hate cops and love criminals... this fits for them
I wouldn't ever make a broad generalization like that. Typical honkies, assuming stuff
I don't think either of them is a bad director. They are both bad writers, though.
As an [NAME], I apologize for the cranky old conservatives who are probably making ridiculously uninformed comments about your country right now :/
Uh, loved and lost, for sure. I’d like at least one pleasant memory to look back on.
They stole my joke, damn them!
Sorry my teams gave you your only two losses this season ;)
Why the fuuuhhh
Good luck!
He a cute sneck
If we can’t close these type of games at home, we don’t deserve the playoffs. 
I will say that her housing bill left a very bad taste in my mouth, and this is coming from someone with a very high opinion of [NAME].
Yep, you can go around crashing into things and run people over and completely get away with it. 
Couldn’t agree more
I'll have one in front and one behind. Please and thank you!
Of course, us first borns gotta stick together. ❤️
This hits hard, sadly both of my relationships have been toxic so I've decided not to start any new ones until I start going to uni 
This!!! 🐃 and 💍 for your hard work!
Kids can't have fun anymore...:(
The USA welfare spend is quite low per gdp compared to first world countries. The safety nets are ridiculous or nonexistant and the inequality is ridiculous...
Live about 2 mins from there. Love the view of Waramaug from Tanner Hill.
Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!
Why? I love it.
You don't really work for the TSA if they aren't paying you. You are a slave. Go home.
I'm more worried about it randomly saying daddy across the top ... Like that's normal
>!I always assume that Motoyasu's team changes once every week or something.!<
> It’s generally viewed upon as being one of the worst [NAME] games ever made. No it isn't. Source that claim.
Its hard to explain i feel everything is distant.
Standing ovation. Nicely done.
Noooo no more NEXTs anymore! They are obviously just a kid who is excited to discover music. Give them a break! :/
Subway is the smartest option unless you have tones of stuffs to carry !
He’s really good.
* yes * yes * yes * yes
This is awesome! do you have any more artwork on a website or social site? Is this for sale!?
Free weed lol don't get what you're complaining about.
Can't wait for it.
I can't wait to see what us skilled workers get. Thanks government for telling businesses how to run and wrangle unskilled workers with no ambition.
Nice rifle. I have a T3 in 7mm rem mag. N Mine would suck as a SHTF rifle, but it's great for hunting.
See you all tomorrow for FIN - USA! End of the evening iguana
I used the call screening on my sister for a laugh.. she was not as amused as I was :)
yeah you're right. i just glanced over and thought it was a swish haha
I love that you made sure not to let the last 4 or 5 fall over. That’s important.
want* a source on that, sorry.
Seriously, it really made me happy! I hope when OP scrolled through she felt a little tingle of happiness too.
Her lying, narcotics addicted, pedophilic grandmother with physical ailments that cause her to be a serious lethal danger on multiple levels.
Same. I was not rooting for the Pats. I WAS rooting against the chiefs. The AFC West is ours and ours alone :)
Oh, [NAME], don't bring THAT story up!
Fat is always unhealthy, and never a sign of beauty.
This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.
I always move back and always regret it.
I knew you had kids, i didnt know they were old enough join the military lol. Well happy bday to your son, dad. 
Okubo thanks JP/EU for their work over the weekend on the patch notes, and then EU doesn't post their patch notes :-/
That all-star who won the calder
I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.
Yeah super confused about that considering it was only [NAME] she had beef with lol
LOL how he not amused?! They dont like the truth haha
36 and definitely not what I used to be... still ok though!!!
Oh yeah, from the vulcan council
Art degrees are useless! Now excuse me while I go watch a Pixar movie. /s
Orange you just soo cute.
Damn, thanks for the source!
Noice! I hope to improve my Mika with this~ Thank you and may the Muscle Spirit be with you!
I literally didn’t but ok
Hey, [NAME] isn't *that* annoying
>I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike Ah yes, truly makes you think 
I love that this is written on notebook paper.
Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!
Yeah, it's pretty funny how incapable most of them are of actual satire and subtlety.
IT'S NOT FUNNY HOLLY.
This thread is loaded. Never seen so many coins exchanged at once :) it's nice to see friendly internet interactions.
I have no idea, lol. Have my upvote.
[NAME] hilarious
I’ve always used a medium sized screwdriver but it can mess up the prongs so use a chopstick and you should be fine
Well they got removed so I’m not sure if I want to see it anyway.
He is sacrificing himself for our sins. [NAME] bless.
That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it
Well don’t complain here about another media outlet lol
Look on the bright side, you might never need to worry about that ever again.
Oh wow this is good to know, it was always my go-to spicy ketchup when I make frozen fries at home.
I didn’t understand because it’s not dark mode
yes please, would make thing less overthinking and stressful 
This is a hate sub
I felt the same guilt when I stopped believing in [NAME]
I I'm so honored
You are gone right now probably my trip is just kicking in i took half that amount lol cuz im low you are having a hell of a ride rn
Very clever!
I was JUST thinking about how much I enjoyed Swalla la laaaa last night too!
That number seems a bit low to me
"Great. Now some girl in Utah will appropriate it for her prom this year because she ""appreciates"" the culture."
So more [NAME]? No thanks. Love the guys, but that’s for side projects. 
Op is likely young and clueless. There’s likely a reason they’re in retail.
They are all good right now. Pick the one that interests you and enjoy yourself.
I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.
I'm just glad we'll be getting either [NAME] or [NAME]. They both seem like they'll be beasts and it'll fill our greatest position of need
I like waitresses. Aren't they swell.
I love it! Cute sprite work....
Was already mad when it wasn’t center. Then when it got knock over, i was furious. Damn machine has no brains.
I see notifications of people commenting the source but this sub must auto delete or something. Sorry, guys. I binged her and found me quick though. 
This is amazing!!
👍 excellent! I was wondering if anyone else knew this little known nugget from history.
i mean I love the smell of race fumes
You're my mvp for the night haha. I'll drop by there tonight, thanks!
Good luck on the change.
I know it's like this hipster phrase it's so stupid like you're not from the south you dumb motherfuker.
Thanks for the reply! I’ll probably just smoke, as you said, once maybe twice a month. Thanks again!
Sometimes those are the only options. Laughing makes other people feel better at least so that's what you gotta do.
Not my opinion either, but the soundtrack is easily one of the best parts of the game. It’s incredible.
Text to speech is a very very bad idea. You do not want to give 4,000 people full control over what gets said out loud on a stream. 
Some of them are delusional and believe their victims want it
Thanks I hate it.
what the fuck do you learn in first grade that’s so important anyway?
>Have a good time debating the people in your head, looks like you're having fun.
Big yikes. Biiiig yikes. I do feel your pain. I wish I could upvote you more than once.
They said Texas! #Woooooo TEXAS
Thank you! 💓❤
I bet you could get away with this at work just fine.
Enough food to feed the whole village just wasted
We've been pretty good for the most part the last 5 years. I mean, [NAME] saying [NAME] betrayed him isn't ideal but could be worse. 
The ending was so badass as a young kid! He wasnt even in his mech!
Signed up! This is brilliant!
Leave they don't deserve you and you don't need those sacks of shit
Well you wrote out this big comment, and it reads well but when you actually think about what you’ve said, IMO it really means nothing.
[NAME] is known to make a short video hella fucking long. Not many want to see even more people do that. I'll stick to [NAME].
The uncanny valley of creepy.
Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.
I want to thank you for seriously entertaining me today. Best clip ever.
As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.
This article is stupid.
I would think that I hope the Wilpons die.
It’s a cruel thing to say to someone with depression.
That’s so scummy, I’m hoping the pepperoni just slid down? 
I wish I could be desensitized to my sadness sometimes lol
I realize that, but the picture is still funny
Omg rattos are the best aren’t they<3
Good luck with your procedure! Be strong and don't try to let anyone even think they can try to change your mind. This is your decision.
I really relate to this.
I didn't downvote you but Emirates 1st class suites are ridiculously nice.
What a horrible way to find out, though. My sympathies to the dead man.
For me it's New York City FC since it's just a train ride away
Oh my [NAME] yea!
Thank you! I need to practice these things and change the dialogue within my head
I hope you are not living in Australia. That heat has been killing Masturbators left and right.
I'm replying just bask in the glow with someone else! Yay!!
Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.
It was received on Jan 25th at 9:22 am .81627 BTC and $3800. for it with a $600. fee. Happy!
When I think about [NAME] and [NAME] at the same time I get a fucking aneurysm from the stupidity.
Conservatives never believe a word they say. They only believe they do.
Lol the outbreak is gone but I'm still stubborn. With this conversation I'll make my effort to come back as soon as I'm ready.
OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!
Ded game we should be happy we have a new hero
Are you okay?
[NAME] bless them and their racist logo
Great post. ( you are learning to let it go)
Yeah! Despite being from the east coast I've never been in the car when it's hailing so it was a full on argument. Thank you!
Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT
Ironically every /pol/ meetup is more diverse than the people pushing diversity and race mixing. Weird how that works huh
good luck, little 3 year old
"""I love animals but I hate PETA."" - [NAME] "
Not pay for the child he helped create? Wow... great advice.
her in the causing a commotion lsfyl is one of the best lip-sync performances in s8 change my mind
Hruska is amazing. Their sausage kolaches or I guess klobasnik have the best sausage I’ve ever eaten. It’s in Elliger, TX.
"I equally love and despise them when they talk about a player diving as ""flopping"""
gotta love the random spidey head to the left on the third shelf
Well duh. The Chinese government control all Chinese language media in New Zealand. That's a fact.
I sent this to my mom and she actually watched it
I friggin love the [NAME] hug!!!!
His smile is so damn creepy
It’s amazing what can happen if you work and want to win.
Just spend the next few months emotionally detatching, it makes the break up less debilitating.
Got damn look at that body
Any source on the college split the second time that outlines the stats? Interested to see.
It's when you least expect it that people hit you in the face with life It brings you back to earth
This was definitely worth the $1000+ it cost to do
I would say make it NSFW but I won't joke. We don't work here
is a recent article interesting read.
BOUNDARIES. have some boundaries. say no. don't go. this is frustrating to read, honestly. don't do things that you hate doing.
I feel like this is just a really old meme lol
Downvote because prophet
I met my partner online. It was romantic interest right away. No friendship period for us.
And you were too stupid to find your own sriracha, or you thought that $7.50 entitled you to your personal dancing monkey.
I agree. This is assault. Leave the ignorant hill [NAME] alone.
How hard is it to kill 9 year olds!? One of my favorite movies.
This is **NUTS**!!! I still use both of these on my boyfriend, who thankfully watched this season with me and also hated [NAME]. 
Bless you.
And he was like “umm you woke me up for this, [NAME]?!” Lmao. That made me laugh.
I love daydreaming because I daydream about having conversations with people and it is the most pleasing feeling in the world when the conversation happens.
How many wins are they into those ranks and at what winrate. Regardless thanks for the info.
The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.
My uncle was hit by some kids doing the bird box challenge a few weeks back. It’s ridiculous.
Yea this past season her outfits were horrid
I love it! Mazel Tov you crazy kids!
I rarely get full manic. Lithium just took away my mixed irritable angry episodes and I'm pretty sure those aren't superpowers lol
I disagree with many picks in this list
I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.
I love your response. I wish I were this witty.
The beauty of the horseshoe effect.
I just say i appreciate the depths of these Boiler Room vid are like this.
Yes! Adoption is an amazing generous gift you can give to people that really want to be parents.
Haha Orange man bad
My cousin is coming back as interim exec chef this week until we get a new chef. If you are my cousin the answer is NO!
One thing I appreciate about the Prequel trilogy is that it explores the rise of fascism better than *Fantastic Beasts* movies could do.
I like this one
beautiful by [NAME]
Hey congrats man, that’s what I’m hoping happens as well!
I just rewatched season 5. My god, I had forgotten how horrible [NAME] is. 
These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.
It would work just fine. I wear medium shirts and a small or medium jersey fits me great.
And just the “stop looking at me” was so old school. It was nice!
Triple P Positive Parenting Program is excellent.
LOL you are mental ,love it
I think this qualifies as r/prorevenge, honestly. Dude needs to face consequences more often, otherwise he will keep trampling over people’s boundaries.
Omg enough of all the damn hashtags, it’s not 2016 anymore
No, not related to [NAME]. I forget where we found it. It was in some legal documentation on WISDOJ (I think).
I was more concerned that your comment held a frame of reference assuming it was real.
Beautiful. Up there with that retro '14 Timbers kit for my favorite non-Atlanta MLS kits.
This is adorable! But I don’t understand how he does that😂
[NAME] is a warmonger. Other than that, he’s pretty libertarian.
Omg I love it
Lucky for me the yellow ones are my favourite
Thank you!
[NAME] and [NAME] aren't cousins in this timeline, I believe. Just best friends.
I'm really excited for [NAME]. He seems to be continually improving in this stretch of games. I'm hoping he stays up once [NAME] is healthy.
will do, thanks for the heads up!
The last hour is great, but I would definitely say to at least leave 15 minutes before close so you can avoid the crowds in the street.
I didnt know that sub existed,im faaaaaar too excited, thats my next hour of skivving work sorted!! 
Saving this. Happy 2019 to ya!
Not sure how kittens “lol” but I’ll take your word for it.
I literally cried out IS THAT MATT BERRY?!?!?!?!?!
Good luck and Godspeed.
Damn. As a [NAME] [NAME] I fear who the last Greek restauranteur in this death triangle will be :(
Take a note to PM me if you do, I'll happily pay for one!
I feel like its got to do with the bad desync in the game right now.
Cinesphere and Trillium Park are both fantastic spots and I see absolutely zero reason to change them.
Bad sarcasm in response to a bad joke seems about right to be fair.
How offensive. I, am NOT a duck!
trailer fabulous!!! i miss it
As a woman, I have to say I think you aren’t wrong about this.
My turn should arrive this year. At least this place will allow me to leave my last words.
Omg I thought you were paraphrasing. I'm so happy that those were the exact words they said.
What a perfect timing though.
This is my favourite game of all time and I miss it dearly. I made most of my best friends playing this game.
Gee, thanks for waking up after being told for over a decade.
I'm sorry your trust has been that badly broken.
It's going to get awfully dark and cold at night.
Utah is a beautiful state. I’ll give you that. I spent a week at Bear Lake and it was pretty amazing.
I love that username
so basically free money for those wealthy enough to take vacations annually. wonderful.
There’s no evidence that 12-step programs work any better than no program, so you’re not missing anything if you quit. Good luck.
Great game. Love winning in NOLA.
I personally wish that they stuck with the spin offs but if their happy I’m good.👌
Wow that's some great facts and logic you're arguing with.
Studying something doesn't make you bright. Getting a degree does.
Cue uncontrollable giggles.
Y’all are just jealous that this individual identifies as a fish hook. On a serious note though going through an airport tsa must be a nightmare
Hahahaha. Wow. Pure gold!
(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving
Praying for the one who wrote that, that he isn't gonna caught...
He can have his opinion, but he doesn't have to state when *no one* asked.
It’s true. Icebergs can’t melt steel beams.
thats why she is going crazy lmao
I absolutely thinky wife is more beautiful now than when I met her.
"That's a nice way to say ""being forcibly removed as illegal immigrants.""."
Yeah would be exciting!
His music is bad starting with that yeezus album
My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt. 
Calling (some) media the Enemy of the People and Fake News - is that not impeachable in a non-bizarro world?
This is so bad that I immediately retold it to everyone I know.
Crap. Absolutely missed that when typing my paragraph mountains. Fixed.
Lol sounds great but that's probably not what the OP wants to hear 😉
[NAME] [NAME] Bros are losing their minds over this tweet.
For example, I think this picture of [NAME] character from southpark) is soooo cute
Via Napoli in Epcot is amazing, but no garlic bread (the pizza is great though). 
Downvoting in hopes it will make this news go away
Hello, Could you try exiting the game and restarting? Please let us know if you're still getting the pop-up afterward. Thanks!
If you have schools in your city, I got bad news for ya champ...
This is some of the worst passing I've ever seen.
Maybe they'll change their mind one day! That sounds good, I'll give it a go some time!
FYI not all skinheads are racists. [NAME] suck and should be confronted.
"Thanks; it is a major turn-off because there's no reasoning - he ""knows"" it's a fact. I appreciate your perspective."
Thanks for adding the link. I'm not that reddit savvy
Can’t believe [NAME] era is coming to an end... feels like yesterday I saw his 1st win against the cowboys with tiki breaking the rushing record.
I WANTED GENERAL LUCK TO MARCH TO NEW ENGLAND AND *THEN* GET SPANKED UP AND DOWN THE FIELD FOR 60 MINUTES.
A best friend would get me a vibrator. Not something that’ll make me feel like an oily, ugly piece of shit.
Looks like goodfellow
He's been playing better this season though, in my opinion.
Great to hear you're so loving together! Wishing you all the best. Feel free to PM me anytime!
I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.
You spend time in The Donald, do you not understand irony?
AS..... YOU.... WISSHHH!!!.. Inconceivable! My first ever silver. Thank you kind stranger.
I will! This is a great new excuse for never leaving my house
[NAME] I loved [NAME].
I love how having high standards is used as an insult here.
You’re an inspiration
I'm glad it only sprayed soda when his thumb went into the can, and not blood everywhere.
[NAME] has consistently being volatile. It's just a matter of time until she's being rude to [NAME] again.
I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :)
Thank you! Good night!
It isn't incorrect to use 'they' even when a person is explicitly a women/man.
Glad to see you were able to get this worked out, thx for the update! 
The attraction and the action are two separate things, and you know that. No one chooses who they are attracted to. Stop it. 
Interesting theory.
Im there as well, You get into these habits and become complacent its like your watching your life in 3rd person. For me that is.
I mean yeah we were the best counter attacking team. That counter was so disappointing
There are Cubs fans that died at 95 without ever having seen their favorite team win a title. At what point is the LOILTY worth it?
Also. Read the sidebar, thank you.
There is clearly something really goddamned wrong with the policy then.
Don’t blame us because you’re a dumbass..
Oh my god are you [NAME]? If you are I am huge fan. I completed the IX EE earlier today using your guide
Stay strong dude
That's what everyone says but they are ugly. I want a Diavel, m109, or a Vrod.
. . . Wait a fucking second
[NAME] is amped, I'm excited that he's excited
“[NAME] you’re still here? Geez you really are slow.”
You came here to cry
You guys can downvote me all you want, but this sub is every day looking more and more alike r/gameofthrones
Perfect! Thanks
>The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.
I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas. 
Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!
For the people and finding out how they end up? Sure. Other than that, it’s not great. Frustrating at best. 
>cat beby the fuck is wrong with you
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself. Just relax, take a deep breath, let the blood flow. Everything's going to be fine.
I said this somewhere else.. but I swear that man in the hood is caucasian... But that was actually hilarious
Omg, *please*
Omg what the ever loving bloody hell did I just read?? As an artist, this was extra painful to me.
This video was uploaded in October 2013, over five years ago now. This just feels like an unnecessarily inflammatory post for karma to me.
Nice! I haven’t listened to them or Tool in so long. Will def be getting back into them now.
I'm not being told I have issues by a guy who actually and genuinely has an interest in coprophagia.
Nothing against bartenders at all. Dumbass people like [NAME], I make fun of because I can.
The west is so unfair :(
Don’t worry about it I meant what I said thank you really
Things were significantly worse back then than they are now.
"It's 2019 and people are *still* saying ""SJW's?"" Ha! Hahahahaha! Oh my life. [NAME]."
[NAME] is trying not to laugh through his lines and hoesntly I love it.
Oh ok I never watched that show. I love that judge though.
If you want any hope of getting better, you must stop everything and anything with underage girls...forever 
No offense taken, and I agree with your last statement.
Same clothes and the door is black on the other side - looks so real!!
I don't doubt that, but there's a difference between doing something as a social activity and a psychoactive drugs that actually makes you feel more social.
I've always found it weird how popular Nandos is in Britain.
I can relate. It kind of breaks your heart and your spirit, doesn’t it? 
My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :)
I liked [NAME] updated “I thought this was a teaching hospital!”
Neither am I. I'm mocking her alongside you.
Thanks man, I appreciate it, I love her but this was way to far, thanks man 💜
So get a job and leave. It's just going to get worse. First the tv then you. Get out while you can
I hate it and I love it.
Bdo is love
Very sweet of [NAME]
America is not a country, it's a fucking business. if you have zero money, no one cares about you.
Eat the apple butthole first. It's the best way to eat the apple.
I am. I do! You're welcome.
Thank you! I’ll contact you tomorrow! :)
Wow damn this some good words
WHAT THE HELL!
Hey, thank you. :) I appreciate it.
I'm more saying that I think the south is a joke.
After he did the one year contract last year I'm not seeing him staying here with no improvement from our team.
Pets are the best ❤
If you look at her from a distance, she's super cute. Then you get close and it's a [NAME] painting of tweaky, delusion.
Thanks for being here. :-) We can always use allies.
congrats to everyone who picked the over
My point is that IQ basically works. As with literally everything, there are flaws, but it's not junk science. 
We already had that fake news before. There's no such discussion.
"And the shit like ""like for [NAME], Ignore for satan"""
you are so welcome. I’m glad I could bring sunshine to your day.
There is no such Thing as [NAME] or an Almighty !
That sounds so awesome. Thanks for talking about it.
Oh. Sorry.
Oh wait that's tonight?!?! Totally watching 😎
they dont pay shit
Looks like you just finished eating a shit covered ass.
Sorry, but [NAME] is too POWERFUL, not to be his own character. But seriously i definitely now want this.
hey the 5 riders per van per day are upset
Hello autism my old friend
yikes i thought it was just a joke transformer [NAME]
Fight milk 🥛 lol
wow. thank you. you dont know how badly i needed that tbh
This is bloody disgusting.
Rip the guy from psych
That’s a good idea, thanks
My ecology professor hated outdoor cats for that reason. They're extremely destructive animals.
You love her knowing her limitations, adjusting your expectations, and keeping boundaries firmly set and enforced hard.
Weirdly enough Salad Fingers is one of [NAME] weaker animations, highly recommend ‘The Unfixable Thought Machine’
The itching probably happens when your skin vibrates from the brush.
Lots of internalized rage and mom guilt daily leading to a good shower cry once a week or so.
happy new year buddy!
Thank you. [NAME]
Thanks [NAME]. We hardly knew ye
She’s sexy I’d hit.
I sure do.
This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama
Ahh, I see. Well, he wasn't wrong!
A crappy situation... Man oh man...
You're going to be free one day, but never if you stop trying. Every weeks a new week, goodluck !
He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.
I’d say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but I’m n doctor lol
Yah. I unfortunately was sitting and watching this documentary with my Mother. That was very awkward.
Being a nice, interesting person has helped me get a lot of friends but hasn't really gotten me anywhere with regards to women. 
I like it
Good potatoes, good pasta.
If y'all didn't like OKC before, you hate 'em now.
Yeah fuck all of them down votes xD instantly had this run through my head when I saw the post. One of my favorites as well...
Okay. Thanks for the information, I guess? I'm not really sure what your point is. 
Funny how we get more anxious about our heroes than their victims
If the fan doesn't work, then I'm fine with it.
I’m hugging you back!!! Not in a weird way. :-). Thank you, internet stranger. 
Canada here, yup..... gods damned homophobic leftovers.
16-37 and 25 fta. [NAME] is so fucking overrated. Volume chucker/flopper in a fast paced no defense league.
This made me laugh so hard I farted and woke my dog up. Only thing missing is the confetti.
The thing to understand about [NAME] is that he's a complete moron.
Like you said your tired probably mentally and physically. You need a dam break is what it sounds like my friend.
It's alright old man we're almost to your room
[NAME], [NAME] mother. I loved her in the one episode. She had great chemistry with everyone she met. 
Oof, thanks
If she deleted your Snapchat just because you showed up to a bingo, then it seems she's a bit of a bad person
Love your username
Thanks for your comment. This makes sense with the time frames too.
On days like this you can get an extra scoop. Just to make sure you have the finnnnnessst meals ;)
No, the full video shows that the kids surrounded and berated the native elder man 
Don't endorse violence against people.
He was young and he thought he was doing the right thing. No need to be rude about it.
YAAAS! Even though you're a stranger on the internet, this has made my day.
Today's Recaptchas were fun. I'm very good at identifying store fronts, apparently...
Ok! I like making friends
That is in no way sexual harrassment...
Right, but we want to shit talk them directly. Not agree with other people shit talking them.
Look on the bright side. I dont know what your bright side is but just look at it.
"Last game I think someone said it well, ""[NAME] like a toddler in an NBA Pro's body. "
Just in time to get excited for a mediocre Twins season!
I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol
I just physically *shuddered* at the idea of redoing middle school..
Get a second opinion from a different doctor. Eczema can get exacerbated by home remedies sometimes, so be sure to check with another doc first. 
Just saw your history. Makes complete sense now. Your a trumptroll. Bye.
Cheers lad :)
I’m ready to unsubscribe from this sub
Thanks!!
Will try. Thank you
Alright imma set small goals for myself thanks for tip man!
That's a little girl, not a sandwich.
I bet we'd all die. Thank [NAME] for colds and germs or we'd all be dead upon birth
I think he's in it. I know [NAME] is killing me on my fantasy team right now
Thank you for writing this, for letting us into your world so that we can better understand our own. I am very grateful for this gift.
Play hard, but we don't want to reveal our secret raptor killing strategy until the playoffs...
I'm a little disappointed that the tier markings werent' just different shades of green.
Thanks for your input into this discussion. It has been very productive.
[NAME] ! Glad that we helped you.
Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.
Same here, after she initiated the divorce and acussed me of not doing anything to stop it. 
Thanks. I guess.
Wrecking Ball clips are the best
The only death that made me feel any emotion. And it wasn’t even the death itself.
Lol ok 👌🏾
That is amazing!
To me his not doing it right because he is breaking contact with the skin. Keep contact and go back and forth!
Here we go again I hate [NAME] *becomes a Dodger* I mean I love [NAME]
The third period is going to be uncomfortable and I preemptively hate it.
I'd imagine the confusion would be far greater, especially amongst the [RELIGION] community considering there is no aspect of Ramadan that prevents [NAME] from doing exams. 
holy shit that's bad, maybe the extremist right can't meme either?
The last thing you see before entering Hell.
That’s because [NAME] thinks he’s the man oin this team. [NAME] I can’t wait till he’s gone
I'm saying your question is irrelevant to the post's topic. Stop being passive aggressive.
OMG she reminds me of Ginger from Ginger Snaps! I'm in love!
Once some joked that I was a [NAME] just because my family had moved to West Germany for a couple years when I was a infant.
I love this. Thank you
Has Medicaid stopped? Most people I know who support this want Medicare or Medicaid for all.
eh, no. Maybe wood can be an alternative if thon is out of the option, but i will never get the allure behind ersan
I didn't read the entire article. That's great. Thanks for letting me know. Peace and happy 2019
I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.
Yeah odd, as those items would identify her. And it would seem like an easier job to burn them to unrecognisable remains. 
Such a good doggo, and no one gets to pet her and let her know.
It's a good thing that liopleurodon was actually only about six meters long and went extinct 155,000,000 years ago...
I'm so glad you have access to that trans group. You will make friends and be able to support each other.
I unironically agree with everything on the left side of this.
Checking in from Nashville, a merged city-county that’s thriving precisely because it’s a merged city/county.
I loved [NAME] as much as anyone but he started to become really inconsistent in his final stretch here before he ended up in Charlotte.
I'd be careful with that, could be construed as cybersquatting which is illegal.
Omg, unbelievably scary. Insane 
Happy birthday!
you are a good man
Went in to the comments to look for this. Thanks!
Ah, pillars of society. No wonder MLS is so highly regarded.
So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.
They'd never give her a crown but it would be so good to see her back on my screen.
...be careful, guys
You’re a liar. 😂
We will welcome you with open arms <3
I have trophy jeans and a trophy bra! Although RIP my boobs because they were the one thing I liked about my body back then :)
I think the biggest fucking thing is that apparently reaper has a goddamn family himself.
Don't do [NAME] dirty like this smh
> complains about fun > plays game mode with the most fun > loves it FTFY
Thats great... Here same with me
THATS WHAT SHE SAID...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Nihilism makes me happy, but I know that’s just my opinion.
Uffda. What a hero.
[NAME], what? That's pretty hilarious and disgusting. 
Yes, because I've always wanted a father figure who throws a tantrum every time he doesn't get his way.
I don’t know ,I kinda find this funny
Yikes. Be careful out there.
Still helpful. Thank you!
I used to do shit like this...back when I had a serious drinking problem I was in denial about
Glad I took the 1st half spread
Thank you for your message, I read it when I woke up and it helped. Thank you for showing kindness to a stranger
Fuck a newspaper
WHERE IS THE JOKE
Doubters. I'm still waiting on a status report of the 2 fluffers from a few weeks ago. WOOF!
>Eat more salad Might I also suggest some vegetables too. You'll feel infinitely better
They always blab about IQ and other garbage but they have the intelligence of a bag of hammers.
I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.
It's actually somewhat maddening to me that there are people who watch his video and actually think he is doing a public service. Yikes..
I do not disagree with any of this. Good take, sir.
Flair checking in! I love it when they don't change the template messages!
I don't like football but the 10 minutes of actual football has been pretty entertaining so far
Sadly, it ran. :( I hope you're enjoying your trip overseas! :D
Totally agree, except I usually (this occasion included) lack the pity haha.
Still is glitched to this day.... sad
POINTER!!!!!! YOU DA REAL ALL STAR!!!
I just love that this is appropriate for football now/again. #FuckLA
Boner. I'd have the weirdest boner.
It's also not worth the costs because most of the time people are being petty don't actually have a claim to make.
I enjoy gameplay grind. Don't shoot me lol.
"What was the ""injustice?"" Nothing happened to him. Assuming his story was not hugely exaggerated to fit the victim card."
Maybe so , i just dont know about him, team has enough turmoil they just dont need any more distractions
That is insanity
I wanna put baby shoes on my giant adult feet and baby stomp all over a cheesebreather's fucking toes
they will also hate the eagles for years to come because their fans were a bunch of meanies
You have an amazing instinct to protect him. It’s beautiful
Tu eres very nice man
But you appear to think you have some amazing insights on how to handle a pwBPD. Have you considered the possibility that you don't?
Keep going! Every day you stick with it is another victory you can cherish!
No no. totally justified
Thank you so much. That means a lot. ❤
"lmaooo you're right I did mean [NAME] by that haha ""she"" lol"
When you decide to root against your favorite team, for a better future “The hardest choices require the strongest will”
Wow. These people really deserve some *clove*, especially on subshops.
He is a right click bot now lol, but seriously you do the same but with worse mobility.
> If it concerns you a lot, after 3 times you can actually just register another card. Good idea. 
Yeah he's a cunt but that doesn't mean he should be prosecuted for a joke. No matter how bad taste it was.
Lord [NAME] called, he wants his style back
YES CIZ so glad I saw this here, really well done, there is no end to your creativity.
To much of a good thing is a bad thing
Oh no! No, there was nothing wrong in your comment. I appreciate you taking the time! 
You’re so perfect :)
Welcome to Reddit!
RIGHT?! My mom would literally never forgive the bitch 😂
Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.
Oh wow. You really know your stuff. Luckily I don't have diabetes yet so that's something
Is it weird if I said I forgot how brutal things could get? Like what happened to [NAME] oh my-I was appalled.
Bro, he left his team in the middle of the game... idc what argument you have with [NAME] you still left your team.
That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess
Edward Lear, lovely chap.
It was a beautiful week
Correct. I still play NHL Faceoff 98 and I always turn that rule off, because it's terrible.
You are a great grandmother.
A blanket. My friend crocheted me a blanket a few years ago and I use it every day. Love this thing!
Yeah, he does. Just because he draws different conclusions than you doesn't mean he isn't reading [NAME]. Get out of your little bubble.
That’s awesome! Heal up quickly
I don’t understand how her parents were able to take kid when she claims they are horrible alcoholics
Irrelevant, actually You're both talking about different things
Thanks, it’s funny how to me this seemed a leap but not one person agrees, lol
Yea I would've lost it there
“Those floors with *that* paneling? Ugh! Disgusting!”
[NAME] deserves better
You sound like you're going to be a great PA! Good luck in your new career.
Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14
Yeah their passes are crazy.
Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!
Please do. lol
OMG [NAME]!
She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb
Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out. 
I’m in Florence right now on a holiday and my [NAME] does it make me want to replay that game
Fuck so obvious
So you then took that lie and began aggressively cheating on him? Your post history. Wow.
Really visually haunting though. For me, it makes me think of strange alternate futures and dystopian sci-fi worlds. 
It's probably easier when they're stuck on an island
good luck with your baby! i hope everything goes well for you and your SO lol
"Aaaand I'm still here. I don't have a alt account but whoever you reported I""m sure is alive and well. You're terrible."
I think that’s beautiful, and it looks so easy for whoever has to clean it, no fiddly bits. 
Can't stand having sex with you...?? Just horrible thing to say... You deserve better!!!
Glossing over [NAME] doesn't do justice to how crippled my team was after picking him
Vote every one of them out that was quoted as being upset about the wire and not the corruption.
Sorry, but anarcho-anything are bot welcome there
i never thought i would read the phrase 600 lb cinematic universe but i am glad i did
I mean I would be a [NAME] and I’m pretty reasonable.
Im so sad how that movie turned out. We could have achived something good
Ty! I was going crazy tryin it, canging things... i'l wait then :-)
Try really warm water instead. It's awesome.
I now live in the Mediterranean, which is nice. 
Thank you for the support!
lol Whatever that proves, sure.
My condolences.
I beat my dad
Red, Green, Blue. It's like a Christmas tree Edit: lol
Has any news been confirmed of whose playing [NAME]. I hope we see him soon to grasp how charasmatic he can be
yeah I figured, that's actually incredibly annoying. that only flies because they don't care about bf4 anymore? time to start favoriting servers I guess
I am still missing money from a August 2018 withdrawal with no update and no success. Quadriga - give me back my money!
Aww!! Thank you! I had fun making it, I also ADORE [NAME] 😍
Except forming an opinion of a topic without even having basic knowledge of said topic makes you sound pretty arrogant and entirely undercuts your opinion.
Sorry I'm a reddit noob but why do I get notifications of comments on my thread but then they disappear and I can't read them? Lol
[NAME] boxing gym in Ross is super inviting to everyone! It's a legit boxing club that is also friendly to folks just looking for a workout.
"""By far one of the best"" Mmmm"
It's perfectly fine
Glad I'm not the only one
Dude the speed which the cop came running is amazing
Watching a friend go through her wedding made me decide to marry at city hall. I wanted a marriage, but not a wedding. 
Worried me there
That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.
So can we all collectively accept that [NAME] has a high placement for this week? Okay thank you
It’s not even news.
Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.
I've just listened to it on my way from school today! [NAME] anatomy introduced some beautiful music.
Great pick! Especially when I realized she was meant to lose yesterday...good luck!
Hahahah this is awesome.
Fake news! but really, that's awesome to have a parent that actually understands how to teach their child accountability. 
i passed thanks everyone
I gotchu bro, house By Gucci Mane I’m a huge Gucci mane fan. 
Absolutely glorious morning. There is no better weather.
Help me [NAME] I'm bully in high school for no reason.
Rose coloured glasses get rosier as time goes by :) You'll move on eventually. Treasure the memory but be present in your current and future relationships.
that was so sad :(
Reminds me of [NAME] in IASIP
I thought that type of camouflage failed horribly because the high contrast and defined shapes made the ships really stand out.
Honestly the rarity is fine, I find it once every 25 games but the health needs work. 
Oh my. Bless this dog. He is a big boy. I love him so much. Tell him I love him.
Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.
Have you ever consider knocking three times and that hide and seek/stalker vibe is terrifying. It's the most disturbing thing I can link you my AR 15.
> we can't john beard that big
I'm literally screaming.
Weird as I do know I've seen CoC waste/recycling services trucks picking up bins as early as 6:30AM.
[NAME] scratched again lmao. Lines are good though. Pretty optimal considering what we have imo. I like [NAME] playing with [NAME]
Super [NAME] with a hat, or providing a buffed hat sounds really funny, if incredibly useless.
Yeah you better hope. I just switched to combat pro from standard and I gotta say my builds are 🗿
Ah to be a young teen again
No you are providing more than enough evidence. Post histories do exist. Now fuck off.
> he might not have seen the truth by the time he had posted the video That's kinda the *whole fucking problem.* Fake Motherfucking News
What the hell kind of university schedules a class at 6am?
That's exactly what I thought too!!!!
Wise choice. You had kebab.
Saw this on r/teenagers first haha
I guess some people just hate fun, lol
Yeah thats exactly what I said. Im too weak to do it.
Lmao servers in America make like $2 an hour with no tips.
That sounds really cool! I'll be there
Just keep going and don't lose hope. Stuff like this can happen all the time to anybody. It's just bad luck
"Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my ""booze"". "
You're an idiot and no one believes you and your telegram jerk-off buddies.
This is good. Thank you!
Anyone else think [NAME] talks too much in this and drowns destiny and hbomb out My man be talkin
Man you take your sims really seriously.
You’re doing so good! We’re all so proud!
My bio is pretty funny... I got ‘If you’re a Catfish then you’ll be charged a call out fee of £120.49’
Damn [NAME] is KILLING it
Memes that were made 2 or more years ago don’t count. They were probably funny back then, just not now.
Thank you for sharing this with us
Hoping LSU can kill 2 minutes and 20 seconds of clock here and not let UCF score more...
Well it obviously helps you rationalize your total unwillingness to take action to make the world a better place. I hope that you grow past that.
I recently got a job that I wanted so now I don't have to live paycheck to paycheck.
Thanks [NAME] for winning so we don't have to see so much of [NAME] laughable career dwindling away.
Holy fuck. Best idea ever. Thank you.
Sadly there's a good chance that you still need a car anyway because that affordable neighborhood will involve a one hour commute.
I would never have believed it. Having experienced it, it is true. Completely. Different. World.
You fool! Now look what you've unleashed!
Guice was a fuckin monster.
Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.
Yeah, be sure to choose an option that won't be painful and has no chance of survival. And make it quick.
This is really helpful to point out!!
I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it
I think it's normal. Don't analyse how you look like and worry about it btw, those idiots sure don't when they say their bullshit
Looks like backyard [NAME] and the gang have a new member... [NAME]!
Also N.e.r.d and [NAME] reference lmao
She has a good voice for a yoga teacher
Lmao, this guy is a tool.
Sounds like a great chap
Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(
When you insult someone you might want to start by insulting them to where they can understand what you're trying to say...who givES A fuck .
"Can we not say ""Team [NAME]"" or ""Team [NAME]"" etc. That's too close to us style politics for my likes..."
I find it unfortunate that you use gender-non-conformance as an insult.
The only ignorant person here is you, and the Pope who makes the same baseless claims as you.
[NAME] is a MOTHERFUCKER
hahah if only he had reddit
Not a fan of Hot Space. I like one song on there and that's Under Pressure.
I love it! It’s strangely charming lol!!! Especially when she comes back to camera speaking normally.
Having a good list of alternatives would be something great we could produce
People are disgusting and insane.
Quite enjoying this tbh
0.1% is a 1 in a thousand chance there, dumbass.
Damned asshole trouble maker!! Someone has mummy issues. 👀
"Gotta love how ""QUESTIONING"" is front and center in the list of things these warriors for [NAME] consider brainwashing."
Soooo [NAME] is f**ked
[NAME] has had this problem forever. Hopefully she fixes it, because it gets old and is a relationship killer 
What a brave man.
he's clearly not equipped to argue, i can't decide if he's a dumbass teenager or a dumbass boomer. 
...Nobody ever remembers [NAME]. If you could see those others, you certainly could see [NAME], which is the second biggest of the lot.
That’s a pretty high amount to pay per week over here, don’t know about the us though.
Oh well maybe your cousin gave his account info to someone lol.
My thoughts exactly, I hope [NAME] doesn't get too much hate.
Good luck! Let ~~me~~us know how it goes!
What a deliciously glorious rant. I suspect he is not alone in his opinions.
Try your luck with ranked. it you stick it out enough you'll get high enough to play with good players
No I am still friends with the person I value his friendship he can just be...judgy?
I havent done a full rewatch since the finale. I think I might be ready
FUCKING RIGHT COLIN WHITE AND OF COURSE MARK STONE
I’ve massively improved but it never really gets cured. There are always situations that will give you anxiety.
In Rainbow is super amazing album as well.
Your heart stopping is technically a natural cause.
I'm not too excited to see [NAME] and [NAME] throwback offense again. Run 3 times punt and play great defense. Zzzzzz.
Is this a real thing? I'm a terrible stoner.
Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?
My dad wears that sweater every game day! It’s in much worse condition however
I like the way you think!
Oh. So you are actually full of shit. Okay, noted. Thanks.
[NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] podcast is great.
No one ever laid on their death bed and said, “I regret not working even harder.”
Also since so many are forgoing children or having fewer the is less needed to purchase very large homes.
Thanks for understanding
Funny thing is, I got mine today. Maybe it'll stop tonight?
They have a huge problem with rich freaks diddling kids, that's pretty libertarian.
that’s awful🤣🤣
People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.
Stop being disgusting. I dont know if you know this but all dogs are naked.
Also pretty fantastic in Good Girls Revolt
Ok I love [NAME] for making [NAME] fist bump 3 times. He was so awkward with that haha.
$20 too much
Goddamn. I'd tap the fuck out if I was that other guy.
Thanks for this video. It was just what I needed
**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**
It's honestly the best news I've heard all season.
Hopefully he gets traded
I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.
but you won't hear that from most of the press or people on this sub WHAT IS THEIR POLICY THOUGH lmao
A friend calls this shadow work. I think you're right. It takes a lot of courage and persistence.
You know it’s bad when you grab the toothpaste and start reading it
I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.
Thanks for the P.S
This cheat... what would that be? I may have made a choice I'm currently regretting.
Didn't that used to be the Northern Bank building? Never been troubled by pickpockets in Bangor but probably because I looked too poor!
> People on the team needs to be cool. yup, totally 2016(my csgo trading days) in a straight line.
The Ethical code of conduct. However it's subjective in many instances. But its based on impairment
It would be a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
What the frick. I ordered a x box card
"Tranlated: Wooooo be afraid of the spooky ""shadowban"" so don't do the thing that gets your message to a wider audience. Smh"
I honestly miss [NAME]
Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it and I hope you're doing better now!
That dad must love monster high as well.
Watching [NAME] flip his head back every poke of contact is possibly the most frustrating thing to watch
Street Samurai Koji and Ojiisan Koji are my personal favorites. Greased Lightning Koji is pretty fun as well.
THIS!!
That was my mistake. It should only show your First Name and The 1st letter of my last name.
Hasn’t hurt me none
Honestly, if you did not, then you were watching the video incorrectly.
This is why I love politics. It really shows how stupid people are.
Good point, thank you for the correction
I appreciate it my guy! I try my best to really do research behind my opinions so I appreciate the call out.
Interesting user name :).
Try to think a bit harder.
Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.
Calm down snowflake. Comment stalking from a week ago is really sad, especially when you're whining about something that I'm 100% right on. 
It really sucks people are downvoting you just because they were worried about blowing themselves up just like us nova bomb users.
Ah fair enough. Thanks for elaborating
Tough times don't last tough people do... Die'n is easy, living isn't, make the best of it
Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life
[NAME] is always the dirtiest psychopath
Was looking for this comment, thank you! Every so often someone will freak out over dilated pupils and post a pic here
Wow, that's crazy. Ever tried DMT? 
Isn’t it the worst feeling ever?
It did! Good luck on yours!! -[NAME]
Feels good getting a number next to our name again.
3 under 3?! You are a true hero.
Iirc she's alive but an alcoholic.
would love to see a win here
Yep! The artist also has one where he's plowing a blue Incineroar and it's one of the best things I've seen.
More then a handful is to much anyways. You're all good lady. Confidence is sexy
[NAME] is such a disgusting champ to play against ....
That and he’s sneaky dirty
Gah sad high five. I tried once for a few weeks and will never try again. I need that support in my life.
You played torb....... that’s why. Just kidding that’s really weird though
So this is how democracy dies... With thunderous upvotes.
Yes, I’m sure [NAME] biggest concern is New Japan getting criticism on Reddit.
The first sentence alone sums it all up 😂
EDIT: wrong link sorry here’s the right one I hope
I plan on being respectful lol. I hope he’s there.
I'm doing my best to apply that. Thank you for commenting
Good luck for everyone pronouncing [NAME] name. If he keeps scoring like this, i'll have fun listening some commentators around NHL.
No I’m not
The username makes it even better, sucking a dudes toes, who is [NAME]. Man I'm jealous 
Hmmmm this is so familiar but I can't quite put my finger on DJEEEOOOWWWOBRRRRBRBRBRRGRRRRRRDRRRRRRJRHRRJRRERHRJRGRHRRJRHRHRBRJ
I want someone to take me to the hospital
We are by far the greatest team the world has ever seen, we are just having a rough patch.
I love [NAME] goggles.
yea I was gonna say that looks pretty good to me
The [NAME], a great bunch of lads
I watched the CWC from the stadium and boy is he amazing.
This is the greatest thing I've read in my entire life
Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!
That’s awesome!
She's married and I respect her family and husband too much.
Huge office fan and I agree. [NAME] and [NAME] are annoying.
Fuck [NAME] pai
I literally got the same bug
I agree with your guy. Sex can sometimes improve with the adulterous partner, because he/she feels desired and sexy again.
Someone get us a [NAME] version of the [NAME] nice lead meme!!!
That’s an insult!! To fecal matter.
I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.
People on Reddit barely know anything about law but they love to get riled up about the little that they do know
I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.
Any rap song because I hate it
Before the trade happened I knew [NAME] was [NAME] but [NAME] beauty had not reached me yet
That’s horrible. What country? If you don’t mind. My [NAME] was abused by her heavily religious (Pentecostal) father.
Reacting to [NAME] at this point just makes me feel worse about the artist.
Ok, thank you and thanks for the LPT. Cold leftover food is great sometimes like cold pizza, cold meatballs, etc...
[NAME] x [NAME] sounds cute for some reason.
Thanks, now every highlander I run into tries to do it 100% of the time and I just bait them into a light parry
I know man, however in some ways it's a good way to act out a martyr complex. 
> punishment for saying no to rape Surely if you wanted to rape someone you'd have to punish them for saying yes...
Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.
Used to love Thai-tanic. Haven't been in ages.
"republicans and their hatred of Nordic countries are hilarious. ""Oh no some place has a much higher standard of living than us let's bash it!"""
These aren't [NAME]... they're [NAME] that like to pose in the form of a hexagram for some reason
Yeah, I was thinking they would be super cute with black heels and a snug black crop top.
I like Shred 415
[NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too
Sending you some Ramona wine as thanks!
[NAME] taking a backseat this episode but it sounds like he'll join the fray once [NAME] goes completely crazy.
What the hell was that
You are fucking retarded
To be fair, I will also continue to jerk off to pictures of [NAME] in shorts He looks so good in them
Filthy birdbrain-loving scum barely deserve the bullets needed to boot them off the mountain. Moreiya 4 life
Yes! I binged it (I was a late adopter) and then all of a sudden nothing!
Bahahahahaha the life of a fish parent!
Lol.... i guess your personal experience explains everything.... personally I've seen this play out numerous times in the work place..... so.....
Super unflattering. [NAME] is not overweight but this ensemble made her appear chunky.
Wow that's a really great explanation. Makes sense!
Your manager sounds like an idiot. Not saying he/she is. Just sounds like it from this.
Am interested in responses as I'm in a similar situation, though my tech school is a TDY
"My adopted daughter told me, ""You can't tell me what to do. You're not my dad."" While true, it still stung."
Thanks for the kindness; it’s all good enough- I’m hoping to move out later this year
i did, but it was at 3 am before i went to bed, so i’m gonna cheat and count it as 2018 LOL.
I’m so sorry the internet has inconvenienced you
You should have gone and joined her for a drink.... That’s my dream... Eventually sit down and enjoy a drink with my siblings.
I love many fanarts of this paring, but this is one of my favorite ones. :)
That's the worst feeling haha
No. It’s slower and takes more calculation but it can be done. That’s why it should be practiced.
Please dont put words into my mouth.I never said rape isnt a problem.
agreed....seems that due to plot force shes starting to slip
I did and found it basically the same except I was getting drunk very easily.
Thanks, I love it.
Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.
Right now I’d have to say [NAME] new restaurant UB Preserve is my favorite place to eat. So good.
Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.
I think she has a good chance
I'll look into it! I don't mind language but misogyny can be pretty intolerable
His entire face is covered by a beard and sunglasses lol
PLANT LOCAL WILDFLOWERS!!!! They come back year after year and the Pollinators will Love it.
Totally agree with you. Just saying that [NAME] is not a stupid person. A smart person that will be spending the rest of his life in prison
"You can't post a Sons pic and then say ""I got this"", that just hurts."
Yes - thank you for stating it this way - perfectly said.
Congrats!!! Happy for you.
Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.
Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao
Terrorism is the systematic use of violence to achieve a political goal. [NAME] has not used violence.
It's finally official, we got [NAME] 
Thanks for posting this OP. Many times people change their minds and do the right thing but unfortunately we don't hear about it.
the most romantic thing that can possibly happen to me
Every day in everyway. If I am to happy with anything next thing I know I'm actively destroying it.
So happy for you :)
It’s a facepalm just for the wrong reason
Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.
I’m just worried about his attitude and approach with younger players. Edit-re worded
This is really well put. I saved it.
Thank you. ❤️ I really appreciate your comment
I've seen so many of these and I still have a massive amount of difficulty believing it is possible.
Why so much green though lol
Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.
Sounds fun from what I’m reading on here.
I understand that but I enjoy the silence and lonely feeling I have.
No, I have been avoiding doing anything until it's actually fixed because I don't want to give them any reason to drag their feet.
I think most people have listened to bohemian rhapsody at some point thank you very much
You should be embarrassed. Not only because you are a adulterer but because you are a pedo for thinking of your son.
Most likely. If he falls to our 3rd round pick ,I think we should definitely take him.
I don’t know why but watching this makes me super happy!
They don’t like to be excluded from anything
One of my worst nightmares. Ugh.
Don't kink shame
Damn, still hoping...
My wife is divorcing me because I glued [NAME] face onto all of our family photos He looks good with her body
I’m gonna need to see that in writing before I celebrate.
Your point? That doesn't mean it had 2 of EVERY FREAKING LAND MAMMAL on it!
Sending love and strength vibes <3
I just saw this on netflix..... Now I'm Watching it... Then you post this.... It's like we almost watched it together...
Don't underestimate him, he can do it in 2
I wish I was [NAME]. Source (deleted):
Falcons fan here. I love you guys so much.
While I agree with you for the most part, I also have cats and upholstered furniture. 
Have nobody thought of the giant tech corporation selling overpriced, inferior products to sheep customers? That's odd.
Good for you! I wish I had run for my life at 18, but brainwashing is real
My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid
Not sure if very professional image journalist or avid porn enthusiast but good job all the same!
I think this is the clearest that it has ever been described. Thank you for this. It nailed it, for me anyway....
Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.
I hate these memes because [NAME] never cared if he did or didn't have a nose.
No problem, glad to help.
Honestly you should have gone nuclear on him
I love [NAME] and how openly she is in supporting him to run
Organizational Change Manager and I fucking love it and have for 7 years. Still enjoy going to work every day.
Wow he is... ugly.
I love you like a love song, baby. And if you know that song, it's now in your head.
its funny because they dont even do anything at the look out tower but stargaze
He's always had the tools to do this, which is why he can be frustrating at times.
Welp , that statement is not very wrong.
[NAME]: I'm sorry that happened. I hope you weren't totally friendless on your 30th!
That was hot!
Best doggo ever
Your name needs some work LOL
100%. Please ignore him. He's annoying af and survives off attention
Hell yeah. Happy they pulled it off together for their city. This is a great story in [NAME] eventual great career
As someone from Louisiana I am always thankful for Mississippi and West Virginia for holding down the absolute bottom
Consider this a digital hug. Not too long, not too short, just enough to make you feel a human connection and some comfort. :)
Thanks for sharing. You could definitely post some of your other tales.
We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.
Rule 10 is to make it clear that people who violate the spirit of the rules without breaking the letter will be punished in the same way.
Really good point here. Thanks.
Of course he will lie cheat and steal to make him self relevant to the public. Horrible person.
Id rather have them be physically ok and make amends with [NAME] later than have one without the ability to communicate efficiently forever but have their feelings alright.
TIL cheddar cheese didn't originate in the U.S. Thank you!
Thanks! I had a more standard name but then realized I didn't want to be findable on Reddit.
[NAME] is a hungry little bastard.
Meh, it just keeps players from diving in taking stupid damage. (At least it should.)
I’d love an ג׳‬וליאן if you have time! Good job keep up the hard work
Attempt to con the senate. This should continue to be entertaining
It’s not satisfying at all. If this wasn’t [NAME] it wouldn’t be popular. Interesting timing considering the [NAME] debacle too.
Same boat here, man.
What a baby...
No way society should pay for your child when you are perfectly capable.
Awesome, let's celebrate! Send the free pack over here ;)
And there you have it, the left who argue with personal attacks and cnn buzzwords.
His wounds weren’t that bad, but probably got infected. Antibiotics fixed him. Good as new. 
Yes of mine worry, no one liked mine either. 
This sub absolutely gets personal within seconds of anything he says being postes
I’m going to die right now I’m so scared tears and snot everywhere
True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.
"BDS is a discriminatory bigoted hateful movement. It's not just ""Oh, I disagree with some things that Israel has done."""
Cool. Good luck!
Look... they are pretending it never happened. Lol.
Lol. Thanks for the link.
Not as nice as [NAME].
I met him! He graduated from my high school and came back when I was a freshman to talk to us in PE. Really nice guy.
It's actually illegal to do this. Only allowed if absolutely unavoidable.
Idk, r/Tinder has plenty of posts to do with awful men too lol
Because they enjoy their toxic umoderated cesspool, apparently. Either way i'm done trying to care.
You must be ecstatic, I'm really happy for you.
Honestly, fuck [NAME] after the bounty gate shit
Dont blame em. They should force change to get done what needs to be done
By law, China must accept the South China Sea ruling, period. Stop trying to help China weasel out of it. 
This is something that has to be learned from experience. Don't be hard on yourself!
> His face, mate. He thought he was a goner. Properly lol'd at that and reading all [NAME]' bits in his accent
No because to them this disabled boy is faceless. It’s easier to digest our hate and vitriol without thinking about it.
Fucking hell they're bringing on all the giants
Definitely fake. Looks like bad CGI in a movie.
Dirt bar downtown is pretty sweet.
Such season 1 vibes and I love it.
Lol, like I said, not everything is about you
He looks like a model tbh. Very good looking man.
Me me big sad.
"""Grab your Glock when you see [NAME], call the cops when you see [NAME]..."""
[NAME] is fucking destroying Bama and I LOVE IT
Going by it's [NAME] rating though, the district should be leaning blue. 
PS. I love my aunt! She’s one of the reasons I went into “nursins.”
They never will until it affects them directly, and by then it's already in the end game for us :/
Oh my gosh. This woman who died also had a son who died. Holy tragedy
I think that's just natural, humans weren't really intended to fly by nature so I guess it just feels wrong or something, idk
This isn't really petty, it's actually brutal. *edit* but well done. I love it!
I despise [NAME] and all his cronies
If you feel like venting, I am happy to listen.
looks like we got a double win today!!
Don’t do a long distance thing, not worth it and a waste of time
Yeah I'm not arguing there isnt recreational potential though it can certainly mess you up. Doesn't help most products with dxm have other active ingredients.
Same here. I had a lot of swelling but not abnormal pain.
How illuminating.
Same, ASMR is nightmarish. My skin crawls just thinking about it.
Oof, what a bad and dated meme
Looking cool [NAME]
>the silent majority This is the most ignorant thing I've read so far today
Idk why ur being downvoted, I thought that's funny
I love this post. Are you with park services?
I wish more people enjoyed that sport.. when that clay explodes you get that FEEL
This makes me want to get nipple piercings but I’m too scared to :/
Love the gif but I bloody hate these kinds of captions. It's as annoying and cringey as a fully grown adult doing baby-talk.
That's not what is being contested here. Telling your kid something like this would certainly make you a bitch.
Hang on to all sorts of things just in case. Eat inexpensive food.
Their heart rate and sats are great. Don't know what you're worried about.
Glad to have you here :)
Good times, good timessss lol
thank you!!
Wow. That was deep. I hope you make out well move on and find true love. Be strong
Yeah, but I mean, you need to actually be motivated for the climate and not just wanting to skip school
80% of the country is putting their faith in a man who doesn’t even have personal awareness of where he is.
well we all know what a complex meal sandwiches are! hahaha
I don’t love prison- I love the stuff that leads me TO prison. Get on board, [NAME].
I forsee success in your future endeavors.
Yay! Congrats!
I’m sorry :(. Lol. For me, after the ending of 3, and Andromeda, I have zero interest in ME.
I also wanted to point this out! I love JJGO!!
I'd piss right on their floor. Fuck this.
This should in r/funny not here, very expected
WERE* protesting This is not current. Misleading.
She muctb not really be that into you
Alleviate' meaning what? Make my working life suck less?
Not really cringe. Just sad.
I love [NAME] can’t wait for the full circle version of him
Wait that... that doesn’t happen
Go easy on your mom; this letter sounds like it was written from a place of deep love.
Eh. I think either works. But sure. Replies is probably more accurate
At least it isn't too terrible? Actually it's not bad at all. Still VERY delusional!! Good post
Great quote.
The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?
Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.
You'll miss a begging old man asking for a spare coin. RIP
Wow that's not how you resolve things. Escalation is the last option.
Happy Mic Day!
Lol, pinches narizones.. Their physical game is on another level. Would rather play with a guy like that instead of against him though that's for sure.
Happy that you're happy, and good to see someone highlighting the good parts! Any particular streaming service you're looking to get? :D
You are an amazing human being
Tell your husband. Its lies by omissions. Who are you to pick and choose what HE wants to know.
Happy to see that you're in recovery
Because they are triggered. I’m just stating my opinion. It’s a bit fun.
That's the problem I'm pointing, the media use stupid clicbait names and people get dumber and dumber.
One of the best pubs in London. Even more likely inside!!
"""You're my best friend in the whole world Mister [NAME]."" *meows for food*"
You know what to do. Start telling people.
Hope all is well now xo
Ugh I'm sorry man! Jerk off until your heart is content and don't apologize for it!
HER VOICE IS SO GOOD no wonder she likes phone calls
Deathly afraid, the undersides of boats too. I can't look if I see them in a picture or movie
If everyone else can figure this out, then I don't see why it's so implausible for the US.
Also Strike Anywhere. This thread makes my heart happy. <3
Conservative is massively brigaded on an hourly basis. Unfortunately, it requires strict moderation or else it is unreadable.
I love [NAME]. He’s just going to keep getting better.
Omg, your screen name made me lol!!
That is not accurate based on the conversation i had with Mr. [NAME] today.
Ah does look fun
I'd smash
That whole thread makes me want to shake babies.
Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.
Yep California, I would've been surprised if they cleared him.
Psst, your spoiler tag is busted. Don't leave spaces between the ! and your text.
so true lmao
That doesn’t seem like very responsible presentation of findings.
Sure that's a good way. Unfortunately, I am not a gamer per se.
Nope, not a [NAME] fan at all.
I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.
Left or right, doesn't matter, just laugh at statists on all sides 
I love how his armor got bigger and bigger as he got progressively fatter.
These memes are either on a 9gag level or r/funny levels of comedy. And I can't tell which is worse.
Yes! Dont you love to let babies suck you with a perfect jawline!
It doesn’t look cool
Sorry, new at 
Feel free to leave.
Sorry for the bad analogy, yours is way better
I apologize, that sincerely was meant for Askreddit. If you look at my history you'll see that's where I always post. My mistake.
Well 216 is out now and Im crying. [NAME] why?
I'd enjoy a nice warm hug. Along with a delightful conversation. But that works too.
Ohh I love bag designs
They are so old and so predictable that they can NOT see how “silly” they look when they post articles like this......
Then I’m sorry but this game really isn’t for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.
[NAME] is not good enough to get that angry.
YOUR momentum doesn't help you, its the direction you're aiming and THEIR momentum that does. they were probably backing up when that happened.
Sorry I dropped this /sノ( ゜-゜ノ)
Men are the worst.
Okay, I'll admit it. I laughed.
BECAUSE THERE IS A SHUTDOWN ATTACHED TO IT! HOW DO YOU NOT GET THAT?
Hi, everyone! This is my 13 minute action/comedy short film, JUICY! I hope you all enjoy! Feedback is welcome. 
CBP are doing great work here. Well worth giving them some cash, can't wait to go visit
What a pretentious, self-promoting post.
Somebody gettin fired
I don't date women who smoke. As for pills or syringes etc, I don't find recreational drug users attractive. Similarly for being drunk.
wow, we really live in future
This, in top of my already terrible mental health, is the reason why I'm severely underweight and need help.
Happy cake day!
Looks like I posted it. Oh no!
LOL no its not all in the video. We have all seen the longform video now so its obvious that I was right.
Those guys are TOUGH. glad to see Blackwater back in business to keep the peace over there
thanks. I will read these
Honestly Texas deserves to win with they way they’re playing, they clearly came motivated and they’re outperforming UGA on both sides of the ball.
[NAME] instead of [NAME] for me, but glad to see [NAME] is doing well.
"I pose you this question, ""How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"""
Haha, looks like it.
I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.
Ahh okay, that makes a lot of sense. But you're totally right, we've just gotta work as hard as possible.
I find that relatable: I too am terrified of myself.
Been off since November 29th. I would rather be working and making money. Home gets boring
spark up bro. Welcome.
Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.
This is really helpful, thanks!
Right now, it feels like a good thing but not a great thing. I don't love it... But I don't hate it. 
we can only hope
I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.
They get a bottle or i get a bottle...may as well share the wealth
Looks like we found his natural position.
Yeah that helps. Thanks :)
You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.
[NAME] fucking [NAME] are you done yet racist motherfucker, you’re not helping society
Awesome use of open data. Love the app.
oh, my bad
Ugh I love Stapleton. [NAME] has always really been loyal to the authentic sound though IMO, he definitely stands out. 
It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol
I found a dentist (Aspen Dental) that text or email confirms every appointment and my doctors office has an app for everything from appointments to prescription refills.
Not sure, I'm not good at expressing my feelings, and sometimes I get angry and say things that very hurtful
Thanks you!
Man, that sounds like a big stuff around. Good luck getting it sorted
Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets
No that would be yet another mistake.
I'm sad for the bot. They only want a purpose
I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.
I’m sooo excited for you!! I’m not dating right now but I love hearing someone be all verklempt.
I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?
I hope you get the mental help that you clearly need.
[NAME] is phenomenal. It’ll be a sad day once he’s gone
Maybe you’re just extremely boring and bland, and outright refuse to learn to take photos that don’t suck. 
It was righteous
D'oh, it's even in the title! Thanks.
No thanks.
Interesting, I did not know that. Thanks for the TIL! Could you recommend any resources that discuss this further?
> This is just a waste of time. Just like making portland denizens use their tax dollars to built a stadium
What a respectable women.
It’s beautiful. I think I need to move. 😊
We have reached the stage where below 2 million is good. There truly is no bottom to this pit.
Left handers are rejoicing over this
Take a seat young ragewalker.
Brooklyn-Boston playoffs would be the most toxic thing of all time. Only Sixers-Cs would be worse
Great site. Never heard of it. Thank you for passing along!
The only problem is that what you will never hear pf their relationship through sponsorships.
Nah I think you're just feeling confident because you got a slamming deal on those clothes! I would feel the same way!
Twins.. my first time having having a child and I get twins. This is gonna be a ride lol
Haha yes. Thank you. No accidents, so it went well 😂😂
My husband and I have been circling the drain for years. :(
I had a GB in 1999 and it was worse than birthing my son. I would have loved to have had the sleeve....
Holy balls! I hope that's your neighbor.
I’m more sorry that there are actual [NAME] fans...
Sapa is pretty good, but Takashi is by far the best quality sushi in Salt Lake.
Well two other close testers are really upset about rolling
This hit me with de good ol memories
I enjoyed this nearly as much as I enjoy too many pints.
THE ONLY RUMOR I'VE EVER HEARD IS WHETHER OR NOT THE SEARCH FUNCTION EXISTS. SPOILER ALERT: IT DOES.
Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.
Unfortunately if you’re looking for game info about the Detroit Basketball team your in the wrong sub.
That is disgusting. He should be embarrassed.
This is just so sweet! That's all. :). So sweet.
Please seek medical help
700 euros per week for 16 hour days 6 -7 days a week is shite and well below minimum wage if you work it out per hour.
My friends that were badly injured from the first fight. Read my backstory comment.
Break ups are hard. Hope you feel better.
I wish that were a thing 🙄
Yeah I'd recommend it, definitely an easy watch
My point was that it’s creepy. I never said it was illegal.
That's a great comparison
Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily
Btw- I love your flair!
um what about just not engaging and leaving?
[NAME] got a thing for redheads? [NAME] would love to have a word with you.
This girl wasn't molested. She was a young (legal) girl who thought it was cool to get with someone her dads age
[NAME] today is great, when he plays like this he is a rly good player
Buddy you are mad online right now. Take a deep breath or a Xanax
One of my favorite moments
I’m sorry to be that guy, but I don’t get it 
i curse you
Oh that’s actually seriously a relief, how do you know that though?
Oooo I see, I was hoping it wasn't a troll thing, it seemed really tasteless.
That's when they brew their second cuppa before work haha
GO SUB TO HIM HES THE BEST
That sounds awesome! So good to have someone able to teach you their skills 😊
Get ready for another wasted season
Cats/dogs for sure. It would be refreshing.
Awesome, that's super good news :D
haha packing it in already after a regular season loss
My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.
It's okay. One day you won't be so sad and angry, and people will still accept you.
What a wonderful story! Thank you so much for sharing that just made me smile .
>![NAME] get the crossbow before it's too late he can't breath oh [NAME] please hurry im shaking and crying rn!<
Thank you, man🌱
Super dumb that people are downvoting you for asking a question in good faith.
Daily would be great, but...life stuff like work sometimes get in the way.
Waahha, ohh, they massawaaa... STOP IT. YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN.
Yeah lol, my bad. 
[NAME] living her best life in Germany.
Missed that, wishful thinking, I was hoping they would team up for a little
No I don’t want it to be unhappy or unhealthy AT ALL, just more like a normal/fussy baby.
[NAME] was so much cuter then. Also WOW that interview is cringy
Very legal and cool
And you better fucking get there early too! Bargain shoppers don't fuck around.
And she has ignored every single one of them, as expected of course.
Bi people can be attracted to trans and non-binary people, too.
By his comment I would say that he is in fact, a simpleton. So, too late.
It's even worse when you get someone from NJ who has no clue how to drive in the city environment.
I had a huge crush on the lead singer back in the day. Still have no idea what this song is about but love it.
Really? I love that show
correct. [NAME] was our 3rd round pick. Hand lookin like the steal of the draft
The fact you have to explain this at the third grade level is pathetic. People think somone preventing his own murder is a tragedy.
Gonna be sad when Gameday is inside a gym for shooty hoops. I already miss CFB :(
"""one of us will be right!"" Or...ya both wrong and wasted your energy being dumb asses instead of enjoying it."
You seem pretty upset about this. It's not an email it is a formal filing. It doesn't surprise me you don't understand that though.
Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.
Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! 
I agree with this
> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?
You ain't wrong
I loveeeeee Perth!!!! Why isn’t anyone else gushing about this town?
You are correct, this happens everytime to me
Is that Arcade club i spy? I love it there!
then youll do just fine!
They do sound kinda not worth it then. At least large ones don't sound worth it. You have my sympathy.
This is not porn lol
No I meant like did they then forget and ask a follow up question. Basically making the situation more funny.
Awesome! I just recently custom made some art for my razer panthera! It certainly is a lot of fun to do! 👍
My fiancé and I went to a friends house and just hung out until midnight and watched fireworks, it was so chill and perfect!
Well that made me want to continue to live in Alberta.
I have but I sugar discreetly and I’m genuinely afraid to have that compromised due to the field I’m in
I’m having a counseling this weekend ... nothing to be scared.... just tell them about your feelings and what are you worrying about..
It's racism. It doesn't make me angry, it makes me feel sorry for their ignorance and yours.
Thanks!!
I agree.
Is...Is this a Hitman themed FE Shitpost?...I dunno whether to be happy or impressed by this.
Hahahahhahhaha!!! Thats the right wing in a nutshell.....
“Guys watch out, the scary looking kid is coming down the hall”
i feel like slapping /s after everything sucks the fun out. it's not my fault people are autistic.... /s
"I did! Never moving back, I love my life in the ""big smoke""."
I can’t believe sb found this even remotely funny.
You can get a penta from 30 seconds after the quad.
Great! Now down with [NAME]!!
So much lonely
He was a US Attorney and Mayor of NYC. He's not an idiot and knows exactly what he's doing.
I do watch legends and lol yes we all know she existed/originated in the future. I also know that this is a different [NAME] from the [NAME].
"That's weird to hear since in Hebrew ""Son of man""- Ben Adam, simply refers to humans in general."
Oh! Im also Chinese (Singaporean) and due to the laws here my boyfriend and i are looking to go elsewhere...
I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread
I have an issue metabolizing medications fast. I'll wake up during surgeries so they give me a lot of drugs.
I am inexplicably excited by [NAME]. I get so excited by how he curls passes
Damn, ultimate efficiency.
Monero enthusiast here. Make me happy and call me a liar again.
Don't worry you'll outlive them.
oh no I agree that its edited, but I think she has other things going on too.. BDD at least 
Ooh you made them?! Awesome!! I hope you enjoyed them. 5 cheeses sounds like a great decision.
That's a pretty laughable response. Pretty r/iamverybadass actually.
Thanks mate. It's just a process now. Fingers crossed that time will heal all (or most) wounds!
Right, ok thank you.
Weird but effective
Thank you very much, I must have missed these while I didn't have regular Internet access. Sorry for putting you on the list in error. 
Excited to see this kid in red and black some day
Congrats and be well. Peace and tranquility to you. !
These are both beauties. Those big dark eyes and that smile.
So I did. Good call.
I'm ugly and able to bump uglies with someone I can make laugh. Mission accomplished.
Thank you all for the karma I’ve gotten!
"Seriously, I spit up my drink reading ""The GOP not the ones threatening children"". I know a few thousand kids in cages that might disagree. "
I've have a serious fear of getting winded, this video made my balls fall off 
Done. Good riddance. Thank you for your comment
Yep. If we don't come up with a solution, there is no need for solutions to anything else.
That’s only really annoying if it’s excessively slow
The comments on this thread are what I expected and that makes me sad.
yea he had 6 assists which created 13 points, if he had 13 points and no assists people would be calling it a great game for him
"I want this back ""I want us back"" I missed the part where that's my problem"
If you’re working out, juicy AF, and needing to pay for escorts you must be got damn ugly in the face. 
Dive into that sweet sweet goodness, buddy. View the meetup the woman being lucky to be around you, and it gets much easier.
I honestly predict a riot on the scale of the 2011 ones if we undergo a no-deal brexit - possibly even worse. It's terrifying.
Wow that's not OK
I’m with you, like shouldn’t we call someone or make sure this was followed up on? This poor guy. 
It's in case he suffers from amnesia and forgets his name.
What a combo of food
Oh man that hurt to watch
They don’t have that on iOS unfortunately 😭 but thank you for the suggestion!
This must be what you get angry about when you don’t have any actual problems in your life.
Jealousy is unbecoming
good luck! I wish you the best <33
Thank you!! Makes sense, I was deciding between laxes and stool softeners so I think I'll just go with the lax teas
GAA' isn't a sport...
Thanks man, I managed to feel better by letting loose with some music - definitely a *much* better way to pull out of a dive. 
mystery solved.
Did he beat all the bosses solo? If he did, he's less of a scrub than I am.
>Make I've never hated a commentator more in my lifetime then him
Yea, husband learned his lesson quite quick. Thank you! :)
Let's kill and eat them all. That'll stop those damned animals from deforesting my forests
It was a terrible, terrible thing to do. He did every day of his time for it, has expressed regret, and has not repeated it.
Real nice guys are just kind people.
Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.
No response after a week? That's something to worry about.
I'm sorry it happened like that for you. I really can't imagine.
C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.
Op you're fine, anyone who's actually been in your situation would have reacted the same. This commentor is just trying to make you feel bad. 
I am really excited for you! We texted a few weeks before we met too! The first hugs and kisses were the best!
"That's a lot of words to say ""I'm upset that women don't want to date me."""
Yeah cause no man has ever been falsely imprisoned due to allegations proven later to be false
OMG, my two favorite franchises and the two best girls!!
Damn video made me think there was audio!!
You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.
Upvoted for visibility. Disapprove of the poll results.
Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.
Yeah, I'll admit I like Kuzma. [NAME] does kind of remind me of a less talented [NAME].
What a loser, sad. 
I'm afraid of having a sit down with them amd not being heard. But I might have to for my safety.
Welcome to switzerland 😂 I see it everyday, when I'm on my way to work. 
I love bein' inside u, baby
Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.
More admired than [NAME] [NAME] is admired by starbucks baristas. Unemployed kids. And cat ladies
Too bad he went back home to Nepal, it's always great seeing these young spinners getting a go in the BBL.
I do feel sorry for the squirrel, but I wouldn't say the dog is a jerk for acting on natural instinct.
If we can’t even score on the power play pulling the goalie made no sense
You are goddam funny sir
would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez
LPT: Make sure your chickens aren't pink anywhere by just chucking them in a 1000° oven
BASED AND REDPILLED
my parents did this for 8 years. apparently it’s a lot of fun
*sigh* just take it ⬆️
This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.
Yes. We actually just talked about it too. Dont know if he took me seriously, but am trying. 
Just read your list, sounds great!! You have some creatures even I didn’t think about 👍!!
Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol
We just let a guy go last month - voluntary resignation. He was a great worker but didn't want to train others.
Really? Wow. You’re either hopelessly ignorant or you’re trolling. For your sake, I hope you’re trolling.
Now *I’M* angry
You're a turd
Shhhhhhh ... It will be ok, honey.
[NAME] shot has been quite frankly terrible tonight, wayy too strong on most of his looks
Meanwhile, 1500 a day continue to die from cigarettes
Beautiful place, been there in September!
That's awesome. For the record, I do get anxious over very non intrusive questions, I really have a tenancy to read too much into things. 
Sounds really boring so I hope you like it
Oh nice, gonna add that to the list. Thanks!
I'll take a window seat for lmao at this.
Yes, that is exactly what happened.
Please make a separate post that includes these territorial changes and not one for each village. Thank you for your efforts.
Omg. I just noticed that! Holy fuck, how does she smell?
He must've done something real bad. I played with a guy who by all counts was an asshole but never received more than mutes.
And still our government is not responsible enough to pay its bills. It's rather pathetic.
Thank you 😊
I've been watching too much my 600lb life...I instantly hear dr. [NAME]
Respect my authoritah! Demanding respect sounds like a guarantee of not getting it.
IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]
A waste of money to you is not a waste of money for everyone.
I just unassigned and left
It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!
Midland has a ton of smart people. A lot of petroleum engineers.
nice to see that more special needs are out in the work force. go get em pal.
Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!
Now you have to make up all these downvotes with some low-hanging-fruit criticism comment of [NAME] or [NAME]. Good luck and cheers!
Please give us updates. Oh wow.
That isn't normal or healthy. Stop obliging her obsession.
I once went alert on N1 and killed 3 people.. 2 maf and a doc. Doc got resurrected later thankfully
I’m not sure are we now taking the word of the FBI and Navy as legitimate sources or what’s happening here lol?
They are awesome!
Oh 100%. And I could see [NAME] & [NAME] both picking [NAME] cause of how she wanted to play the game.
The reaction is incredible. I’m quite certain it’s satire as well, but its impact is depressing as hell. 
Doesn't mean we can't improve on what we have
Interesting. I wonder how does this work. Does it do swaps itself? Does it utilize the currency exchange listings? I'll check it out later.
Lol the actual state of this Nothing wrong with pointing out [NAME] was a cunt snowflake Suppose it makes a change from your usual woman hating posts
I'm sad can someone make me feel better Feel like shit rn just want [NAME] back
Excess of 300 partners and not using protection is unappealing to me, I dont want catch anything 
Seen this result coming. Best result for us and rangers unfortunately.
just apologize. what other advice could you possibly require? you fucked up, now deal with it.
But we did get an awesome transit line from downtown to the airport, plus most of the Olympic facilities existed before the games.
Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need?!?
It won't, it will stop the ones who cross the border. Not a very hard concept. 
Yikes. I was kind of excited to get a new [NAME] if he gets last man in but I'll pass on these butt ugly jerseys.
I love this wow
This could have been done in two panels and that’s honestly what annoys me the most about this
One of my coworkers made the wait list. Great guy, but yeah, it is a rich getting richer situation.
Okay, I'll try to find one. Sorry about that.
I destroyed about 1/2 of them because black snakes are actually a good thing to have around. I just didn't want too many of them.
You don’t have to hate players just for being on a different team. I hate that [NAME] is an [NAME]. I don’t hate [NAME]
Go with her, eat healthy food with her too. It may help
[NAME] just wants to post pics of her facetuned of herself for attention while acting morally superior to those other girls. fuck off
He’s also got a girlfriend that he really seems to care about....
I'm glad you made a Reddit account to inform us how much you totes don't care bro
I’m kind of scared to talk to my manager about it
They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them. 
[NAME] has been attacking the basket a lot this game,good to see.
The best losers of grand finals cod has ever seen
Everytime I get to hug someone.
This is amazing, man. Kick some ass, make good food, get paid. Congratulations
"Look [NAME] is here ""Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?"""
I saw that fan art once, where [NAME] is drawn as [NAME], and its funny cause they're both my favorite characters in Persona and Jojo
Congrats!!! Thatll be me in May and I cant freaking wait!
It was a painful cringe, too. Are we masochists?
Oof this hits home
Itll happen. Im 36 and i think i finally found the one last year 🤞
Your smartly worded refutation of the whole of the rest of Christendom has swayed me completely, Rome is the only true home! Hurrah! Hurrah!
I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...
Them boys smelling even more blood in the water. Rack them fuckin points up boys!
Let's hope January treats us a little better than December.
For [NAME] sake, they used OFFICIAL ones , my god. Fucking animals.
Rule 2 of firearms: Never point the muzzle at something unless you’re ready to poke tiny holes in it.
Thank you so much kind sir, now im excited to start reading the LN!
2 Minute [NAME] is the scariest [NAME]. I fear they have yet again, like the regular season game, scored too soon.
Thank you so much, this is beautiful
Thanks! I'm now quite excited. Unless of course they all decide to skip straight from Chatswood to Gordon.
Hope you're not [RELIGION], 'cause that ain't kosher... 
You really don't comprehend anything my man, now do you? Goodness gracious the amount of stupidity. 
But hes still in love with me just not as much as he used to be... and he calls me.
It's over! Move on and find a better partner.
Lol i got bottled by one of them in a brawl with a bunch of the nazis
That shit sent me on a fucking journey to read.
So the article is pretty much nonsense.
It's absolutely beautiful
That is even worse. No tax from them and we provide them with services.
Come on really. I’m for gay rights.
Holy bait-and-switch, [NAME]. I’m so sorry, that has to be incredibly stressful to have to be around and deal with.
Hahaha for real..
It's so weird having HGs up this early, but I love having something to watch before my 8am lecture starts.
I want to know how she thinks you can convert fat into muscle
I'm a woman, 50-adjacent, and a descendant of slaves. I like hot sauce but I hate [NAME].
I gave him a hug and told him how glad I was that he was okay after the police assault. He’s amazing!
Of course these are all conspiracy theory shitposts BUT just because he got squeezed out, doesn’t mean they want him playing for a rival team.
You're a hottie!
wait they actually lost lmao. i stopped watching halfway cuz i thought SPY had it in the bag ^^^^andigotmywatchrewards
My only criticism is xhaka, too slow on and off the ball.
Thats the high life of empowerment.
feeling like im not normal and that im shameful and wrong and other people telling me those things are what have done this to me
I spent a good portion of my childhood in Arizona and Colorado. I love the rain and greenery here in Oregon
Hip hop has fallen down so far music in general, since the 90's. 
Probably when they fired their cartoonist a few months ago for having the wrong opinions.
Really not sure how that’s your takeaway.
He's not my type but [NAME] is handsome AF. /s
If they want to attack [RELIGION] they should be honest with the website title Imagine a [RELIGION] creating a website and calling it WikiChristianity and constantly attack [RELIGION].
This is clearly the world's most dangerous gang
[NAME] SHOT THE PUCK *AND* WE SCORE Who woulda thunk
Oh! Thanks for clarifying. The entire time I thought it was written by a child to their OWN parents. I'm thick.
We can’t have that
Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.
I'm afraid I'll pick something else.
More Nice Guy IMO.
Super righteous.
Lol. Unfortunately, yes. >sigh<
I have basically that print on a t-shirt, it's definitely coming out of the closet more often as soon as the campaign is official.
I’m here, I’m here! Thank you all!
The self righteous feel no shame
For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.
That's that frequency dying in your ears. Enjoy it, because you will never hear that exact frequency again
I never said anything about that lmao
Surely hope so, buddy. Surely hope so.
I don't think you're allowed to administer a vaccine to someone who is sick/injured.
Sorry for your loss yesterday. Your team is poised to do even better in the years to come and hopefully they will.
Happy cake day!
You look better when people can’t see you <3
Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.
"I feel sorry for people that think Reddit (or even some random sub-reddit) is ""an international stage""."
May [NAME] bless and keep the President... far away from us!
I think years...I'm not ready and I know it, but I know years
i feel betrayed by the community
It's hard to have a nuanced opinion, innit? But I don't like everything he does. This is one if them.
You just made my point, you obnoxious whining kid
This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.
very pretty lady.
This was extremely helpful, many thanks!
Insomuch that I'll probably avoid any Stahly products in future :|
At least he's finally done one thing right. Utter fucking disappointment at every level, by every metric.
Yeah that dragon one with the same style ? Mesmerizing. I believe there's also one close to Civic center
I don't drink at all specifically because the next day is sheer terror.
"Submissive? ""she’s a [NAME] so literally it’s like a brand new car [NAME] has blessed me with."" You're disgusting."
That guy who said that it's a good idea to never smile towards women you like? Pass, the book was ultra-overrated 
She's reading Canada's extradition act but not Canada's extradition treaty with the USA. I've had this argument before, it's pointless.
Rip I guess.... Hope op does that Also happy cake day!
ok so that was fucking sick
You’re wrong. Source: I looked before I commented the first time.
[NAME] is an awesome film school...not surprised this came from Dodge
I’ll be honest I really don’t care. I’m happy to know that others care about this, but eh you do you
I’m sorry you have to deal with that
It was done before and it was terrible
As a person that regularly down votes people that repost front age gifs, I will award you an upvote because this makes me laugh every time.
Child labor laws are ruining this country
I want to so bad it hurts. I guess I'm just scared.
I never said she wasn't a downgrade. But on r/political_revolution the complaint seems to be that she didn't endorse anybody in 2016.
It’s amazing how buggy this game is. Itd [NAME] buying a new car with most of the parts broken. We will fix it eventually.
Thank you!! That’s me as [NAME]!
Help, I'm scared and want to go back.
thats not good
Become friends with people who work night shift. We are always up at crazy hours and need a distraction from our work.
So happy for your strong stance and to help him on his way out of your life.
I sort of did lol. I think what I mean is that you cant look at it as an alternative to rdp
Now I wanna know how the hell did you stole the body of an NPC :o
Fuck the haters [NAME] > Everybody
The cruelest people in the room are a pack of gormless dullards. It's the banality of evil for the 21st century.
[NAME] was actually wrong all along. JAH > Jokic /s
i love this subreddit
Omg yes!
literally I feel like crying
That is awesome.
too damn often!! and i’m cute as hell! i’m mad!!
Please stop talking [NAME].
I giggled. Then looked at my corgi and imagined him stuck butt first in a big wine bottle.
[NAME], you're annoying. Did [NAME] steal your girl or what? Everytime someone mentions [NAME] on this subreddit, you appear to trash talk him.
I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.
I mean, it certainly is weird but don't kinkshame
What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her
Glad to see [NAME] back
I mean retirement age was set at 65 because it *was* the average age people died. Living beyond retirement was never supposed to be a guaranteed plan.
At least london fans got a somewhat exciting game
I get ya man. It happens to the best of us.
neat, thank you!
Lol found the neckbeard
Oh? There's financial trouble in heaven? Lol
Thanks for this, got a mate in Germany. 
I could have gone to a party, but it's 10 outside. Sue me.
I was going to ask what temperatures are like where you live. The beauty of losing refrigeration in the winter is having the great outdoors.
Yes she was, but I'm here now. 
The way him and his mom talk to each other is like a little boy and his Mommy!
I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.
This comment is very good and all but it got me thinking, *are* pizzas a type of tire?
Hope he gets rich from this too!
"Going for that most hated title with stupid posts from his ""fans "" "
LOOOOOL, Just exposing the man! Also happy cake day
Same. You all tried to save me, but I rewatched with the sound on and... I have regrets.
Dad doesn't need to be there for 12 months. But way too step up!
Definitely the current worst, hence 20 actually buffs coming her way.
Yes! These people are allowed to vote and drive and do other things that affect our lives!
I was in awe the whole hour I spent in there.
The current situation is one of cronyism, it doesn't represent a few market, which has other tools to deal with such things.
See that's what I figured, but at the same time academy is such a hindrance 😂
Same, I just love games so it helps to calm me down by taking my mind off it.
Hah hah I got the quote was mocking him - it was so perfect it thought it was genuine. Quality work :D
Its had enough of this life and ending it all.
Hell yeah I got the 420 upvote
It's the universe trying to kill us with radiation :D
[NAME] fits at 3 separate funerals plus almost every very serious uncomfortable conversation I've ever had would indicate you're not alone. [NAME].
So now I can't get defensive when you're being offensive? lol
the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy
Cool! Glad to see some cooperation.
Got it! Thank you!
Congratulations. You posted the famous very first lolcat picture.
Everyone in this video is annoying. This seems like a terrible place to go hang out.
I was about to explain that the one with 8 h's was taken until I read your username. Beautiful.
Thank you kindly! I'll update my resume!
Don't stress it. Good Luck!
Aww man this sucks, but at least he’s going to Europe, so I’m happy for him! Goodbye [NAME]! 
> Humans are empathetic and do this daily. I have to remind myself of this sometimes.
Well I am a lady, so that would probably just freak them out. Oh, Reddit. Everyone is a man haha. 
You just gotta have little faith. They are gonna need more money and maybe then we can get to Tahiti.
Thank you and your upvoters
In my opinion, there should have never been a canon character... Maybe keeping it a mystery would be the BEST!
Who’s that cutie
I want to change though. If I'm around those people I will remain the same way. Right?
This is the only viable way out of Brexit.
Ugh...terrible.
"Thanks. Appreciate that perspective. I'm just saying it as a counter to the ""rope is the only cope"" mentality on the incel subreddit."
You can't stop [NAME], you can only hope to contain him
This made me spill my drink.
There’s tons of stories of animals taking care of kids....I believe the story! :)
I understand that. My question is more if anyone would be excited for it or interested in helping
What is normal? It should be tho....
Blow me you feckless moron, I was out of state. 
Jeez, I was joking
LOL, level up your life. My life is already at up level :))
You're right, I completely forgot the title
She sounds like she could be depressed. People who have depression need care, love and help to get better, not internet shaming. 
You sure seem angry. #itwillbeokay
Yaaaaaas! I need your curly hair routine!
TAKE MY MONEY
thanks for apologizing
thanks, I agree
I can feel his cheeks puffing out.
[NAME] and [NAME] had equally good chances when they were on the same line in the first/second period - they just didn't convert.
You are my own side. I feel an affinity for this sub and want to make it a good experience for all.
SKAM was great. I literally binged all of S3 as soon as I got home last night.
TeamViolet going strong fam!
I'm laughing hysterically at midnight Thanks LMAO
Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.
And it’s always so uncomfortably awkward when someone says shit like this to you.
Damn that’s sad
Everyone started making remakes. Here is my favorite Lineage, too want, but why? People who love this game will also play it
Haha this is one of those moments that makes me laugh out loud
Most athletic play [NAME] ever made. Wow
Love the idea of these birds showing up during family gatherings and puking up trinkets
Maybe it's fantasy.....I just feel like the stock for a lot of these Ducks is reallllll low right now
Oh there's still bugs? Weird
Damn, [NAME] us just 2 steps behind all the time. It's just a matter of time before he gets some great shots in.
I am trying they try to say I’m fake even though I’m trying it’s painful to talk to them sometimes
Teeth. I really want good teeth and my hair is nice and easily maintainable atm
So. Fucking. Tone. Deaf.
Well fuck. I didn't think anybody cared at all...it's order than that?
Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!
So. This is scary as fuck.
I love your work, it makes my hair cry
Oh boy do I have some bad news for you!
I love how they didn’t really react negatively
And that smilie she gave the fiancé when he sat down with the sandwich....I would be scared if I was him.
Getting some sick high school nostalgia from this shot. Thanks for that man!
I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you
"""The first step, is to put on a set of vicious stilleto claws. This doesn't make things any easier, but it does build character"""
I see you utilized it. 3.5? Sad.
That and losing [NAME]. The two of them had instant chemistry. Excited to see is he can become a big part of our offense next year.
The questions are normal enough, but all at once and leading with them is a little weird.
[NAME] were the peak memes back when I first started on Reddit. Honestly none of the meme subs are good, they're all pretty cringy. 
Great. My existential crisis is back.
Gotta love that bison
Sorry misunderstood you! I’m talking about viruses and bacteria that can kill you like the flu etc
Stay strong friend.
Yeah.... I've always sucked at smiling honestly. I hate it. I hate selfies. I usually don't smile.
I'm loving the possibility of fighting a Chimera in the DLC.
It's sad how long it took me to get that. Haha got em
I go to a neighborhood mexican restaurant monthly for the past 2.5 years, but nobody knows my name ☹
Thanks for remembering. I have since added to my post :-)
I don’t know about romance, but I can certainly speak for the [NAME]
Omg you’re so cute!
Yeah if you’re able to fulfill that. Hopefully the bonus is worth it
Do you mind me PMing you for some help w/ dealing with the busy season? Thanks.
> a complete ham sandwich Love this. Using this.
As we shouldn't. We are trying to win a SB here not showcase another star player.
It's too bad that you think helping out the less fortunate is sad and make a joke about it . People like you are the problem.
My kitten just got very happy when Pasta scored. Such loud purrs! I was happy too.
The best LGBTQ+ FILM i have seen in years.
I'm glad you have your kids, but have you seen Brooklyn 99 like the op stated? It's worth living for too.
Right? It’s not like her family seems like they wouldn’t have helped with her son.
not sure I agree. whispers of madness can set up [NAME] signature and being card draw is always useful in the first lane.
I think this is the only place on the internet that is happy with this commercial hahaha
This. We already have so much more OL talent. We need another WR and TE, but I'm kinda excited
Almost in tears watching him celebrate, true captain ❤️
She always looks sticky.
that is one very expensive mistake
Don't make me kiss you!
Germany is the first country in Europe I've been to! Planning on Ireland next, and maybe Croatia(hoping for Germany again, though :) )
He knew what you meant. He pretended to be confused to save face. that’s disgusting...
Could be depression with psychotic features. Talk to your doctor asap!
I still get goosebumps every time i hear this track. It's just beautiful .
Follow rules 1 and 2 and you can have lame openers and you'll be fine.
Not sinking in is it. I'm hardly speaking in riddles. Good luck
Southern Mexico tends to always get fucked in the ass as well
That was my first thought too 😂
You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback
I got sucked right back into the vicious cycle of love-bombing, gas-lighting and degradation.
Ahh. Both of those are very good. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
That is one adorable meow loaf
Yes, and I looooooove it 😂😂
Contacted the hospital I was born at and I’m getting my birth certificate! Thanks for all the help this was a big step forward
This is awesome! Does anyone know if an EST version is available?
Love the username <3
Another day, another destiny! 
shits awesome!
Sad thing is it would probably forcibly ground the plane.
This whole sub makes me sad.
I always feel so bad for [NAME] when I watch this scene.
Ay i saw that live. You have amazing movement! GG bro!
The other cop left a fucking animal ordinance notice on his patio chair
5. Puts you in debt 6. Isolates you from all social interaction 7. Leaves you with nothing but a product you can't sell
Lawson’s Sip of Sunshine! Excellent Vermont beer.
Ohh looking cool Jok- Get out of here side character.
Here, kiddo. Happy cake day. You need it more than I do.
Hang on is that allowed? Geez that guy seemed really angry.
Thank yous in the form of hand gestures you carrot cake
Don't worry, no one ever will 
Now I know where to do stag party for my friend, finally.
HOLY SHIT CHANCE
I am unconcerned.
Oh, give me a break, it was worded like an insult, clear as a day. A mild one, but still.
Still awesome. I skateboard, ride bikes, and hang out with my friends. Edit: I'm 40
He referenced us!!!! And we're gonna have to do something about delicious
I feel sorry for this little girl. She's legitimely scared.
Shame ,your quite cute 
I'm laughing because this exact thing happened to me.
Yea I’m into this I guess. So thanks for that(?)
Doing something you don’t like can be hard for anyone but if you just keep your end results in mind you can do anything!
Or just get the fuck out and never look back.
[NAME] is such a gift. I love him.
I’m super excited and waiting for the FOV slider to put on the live server.
Her little baby frown is adorable
That's really interesting. Thank you for the information. It's just hard to imagine lives you'll never live.
True! I guess we all cheer for salt lake? Since they are directly affiliated with us.
agreed 100% if's freakin ridiculous! I think YouTube pays them to influence you to pay for the You Tube subscription just to NOT see these ads!
Shhhh let them have it, they need this. They are still living in 1990 lol
This is disgusting.... please make more.
we deserve to lose after that
Damn. Also awesome for the victims and others who spoke out about the abuse.
I will have one of each please. Not just far left and right. All. Any doubles you might have as well. Thanks byeee
excuse me what. [NAME] played midfield pretty much the entire half of last season for Liverpool
She better!!! .....nobody else will
It also makes me cry! but because it shows how far [NAME] has fallen...
"Intended as a ""it's funny because it's true"" not ""this is hilarious"""
That beat is mad smooth
I am proud to be racist No one in real life will know this
I feel like you need to get out of your current situation for the sake of your own happiness.
aye they buggin for no reason im just saying good job keep it up.
Oh god, the one common denominator strikes again and is rubbing off on the other players. We're doomed, back to the drawing board in 2020
In looking at the questions answered in the AMAs following the [NAME] podcast, I don't see any related to [NAME] or race/IQ. 
Hopefully we can get this solved soon.
i disagree with that, you cant say everyone in the country does that, you dont know every [NAME] and their entire life stories stories
Mostly because they're not completely stupid. They don't have the support in the senate to pull it off.
Correct! Unfortunately, we're looking for a bit more computing experience than knowing what site you're on. Thanks for your interest though.
Chill. Not everyone is perfect.
Good for you for shutting that door! You are not responsible for him. He’s a grown ass man who made his own mistakes.
"I always laugh at the statement above. ""Qualified to give a urine sample?"" ""Huh?"""
What's your best [NAME] story? You rock btw!
It’s tinder no one cares if they get blocked cringe to you is funny to them
i’m so proud of you!! good job dude!! :)
I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...
I miss the confetti cakes :(
Its an mlm in disguise, branded to appeal to the college demographic. I got the fuck out 
LOVE THIS!!
You can go on the offical league forum and look for people.
And I can't call the capitol switchboard to express my concern about this because the government is shut down. Awesome.
Wellllll...it's a look.
Nah, girl, you did great. I'm also shocked by guys who want to hook up without a condom.
I have more faith in [NAME] than anyone on the court to make a 3. Strange world
Ah yes, the romantic concept of a meal in bed.
Im not 😀 Glad you realize your mistake and why I was confused 😉
That sounds like a good system.
It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha
Awesome guys! Thank you for the ideas. It interesting to see what people will do depending on whether they play killer or survivor lol
Awe man thank you ♥️♥️
This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.
I understand your point. But I’d still rather get some stuff stolen than lose a member of the family.
Glad you’re doing better internet stranger, and I hope you continue to know peace and happiness. Be well.
You're right, thanks for pointing that out, I've edited it now. Carry on.
Fantastic pub, went there last year as part of the liquid history pub tours. 
Here in America too. Those counter protesting fascist get thrown in jail and pepper sprayed like animals. It makes no sense that this happens.
Food must be good then. It looks good. Besides the wood plank lol
It would be a little less irritating if the 10 cents you pay if you want some paper bags didn't go to the government as a tax.
I'm a little sad that there's not actually a video called Dance of the Hillary, virus or not.
Loathing Big Pharma has nothing to do with being anti-vax.
Okay this is really promising stuff. I'm definitely excited for this.
Yard goats was awesome. Almost a major league feel to it when it’s a packed day
[NAME] dumb friends wanted him with the little baddie. and now he's gonna end up back in jail. Oh [NAME] I love [NAME].
Does that idiot not realize he's roasting himself by calling [NAME] a bad lawyer? You worked with him for a decade, moron.
Thanks for sharing. Lies like this make it harder for the real ones to share and get justice
He's messing with my emotions and my fantasy hockey pool....
You beat me to it
I hope for Irelands sake you're right.
Can't you tell that [NAME] is a serious threat to apprehend. All that alleged lying makes him a serious threat to others.
That’s an interesting take. Thank you for giving me some perspective, never saw it like that. 
I feel extremely bad for people in this thread who are in any way shape or form relying on the federal government to improve their situation.
Okay, diet is important that's true. Do you take any medication? Do you have a psychiatrist or doctor who you see for your mental health?
Your kind honestly need to fuck off out of Ireland. Nobody wants your dumb fucking antisemitism here
By all means, go for it. We'll all be much happier when you're not dragging us down anymore.
She’s cute in both pics but whats up with the triangle chin on the left
Me too, I just stood there clapping the whole time.
I had a friend send me a 3+ hour paranoid conspiracy documentary, zeitgeist I think it was called... Wasted 10 minutes before I noped the fuck out..
Ah!! Was not expecting to read that this morning on my commute 😭 lol Just so beautiful! 
Is it possible you've been banned from them? I dont know how I feel about having the special privilege to view that sub lol.
"In Catholicism, old is good. Truth does not change with the times. Malichi 3:6 ""...for I am the [NAME], I change not""."
Crime in the park is the only kind of crime that matters for the sake of this discussion. Your generality does not apply here.
Wife left me and I am just broken. relapsed tonight from 7 years clean and just not seeing a point anymore
I really pity those unfree Cuban babies. It’s just sad.
Even worse.
Damn, we need healthy PGs.
Ik I’m crying rn
Completely valid point but [NAME] is better than anyone [NAME] had to work with.
[NAME] had them a few months ago. Friend bought some for her sick dog.
oh c'mon - i wanna see you defend old testament slavery some more!!!
Everyone's probs already said it, but lats and chest, legs are big quad energy. Keep up the good work
Don't get insulted by it
I agree! I loved him as [NAME] and I wish the writing had been better. He's amazing.
Is there any way to somebody can please translate the notes into doc form or something? I am having trouble viewing them :(
It's my dream to one day have a completely black wardrobe. For now, I'm stuck with the clothes my mom picks out for me.
Look I'm not saying that I agree with them, theres no need to be an asshole
Gotta love these kids! When they do or say the cutest things like that, it really makes u melt....... Enjoy OP!!!
People say 'confidence is attractive' which is definitely true. That doesn't mean that being arrogant or pretending to be confident is attractive.
Please ask questions about moving to Denver in the Q&A sticky, thanks! Short answer: no 
I've heard how hard it is to get into nursing programs, congratulations!
If I had that I’d stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.
I'm more interested in why there are goldfish in the picture...
Man I know youre joking but they swept us and still got the better pick. Pretty lame.
I don't think this happened at all tbh
I truly hope so
Very good advise, I did not realize this. I guess there is more risk in a lease than what I initially thought. 
You think people want to marry me. Joke's on you homes.
I fully agree. What works for one doesn't worth for another. Good luck.
Ohh, whoops. I still don’t agree but I see my mistake 
He’s such a little bitch, impossible to like
Don't see a W tonight. We need a miracle.
The sea was angry that day my friends...
What a beauty
Incredibly frustrating.
Enjoying Mummers. I'm from Philly. I kind of terrified as they just used Skyrim music....
That's good eatin' mate.
Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.
Bide your time, keep your eyes open, and build the reputation and relationship needed. The opportunity will come.
Sure dude. Although I’d say my rate at dispensing profound wisdom is lesser than the rate at which I can talk utter BS haha
I heard of people doing that in the dorms freshman year and hadn't thought of it since. People said it worked.
I like it
I was forced into college and I wasted my gpa :(
Ok. Good idea!
Hahaha so I’m no longer going to worry about it then lol
Sorry I forgot you guys beat Pitt. Congrats on your 2 win season.
If this happens in my dream then I will get up and do this.
And now I'm hungry. Thanks.
I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.
as a kpop stan and a army, i am very disappointed
what a psycho
This will be me a year from now. Not fair at all.
I know, right?! I was literally in tears Saturday night 😪 It's only 3 years old!!
They are children, they have no souls. 
I would love a game with either of these two!!! 2nd choice being Caracalla!
That’s what I’m thinking too, so I may just go with the referral after all. Thanks again for the help!
Thanks. I was diagnosed with BP 1 after the hospitalization as well.
Well that makes sense.
So glad I discovered that subreddit a couple months ago. So good...
