Yeah i didn’t say i had the answers. I’m just hoping for the best
[NAME] [NAME] speed option was so much fun. They are the most criminally underrated cfb duo in my opinion
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.
Wow that's just like when I sing it
Yeah it’s weird bc in my family the basket case was my dad.
I’m so sorry :/ always happens to the ones who deserve it the least. feel better♥️
Hey, I’ve learnt something here today, so thanks! 
They’ve performed it live together so maybe you’ve heard that.
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner! 
I like this story way better than parvo.
This comment has sent me on a several hour journey down the rabbit hole of [NAME]. Thank you
Did this a lot when I was a kid but never did it as bad as this
What the actual fuck?
"""So, I was grading your work and someone spilled coffee on them. Sorry for the mess."""
happened to me last week too with mango, the pods were half empty and wet. handling them made my finger tips hurt after a while
I've tried this and I chipped my tooth on the tiny fork cause I'm used to plastic lol!!! I'm a mess
I’m sorry Mr. [NAME]
In fact the South side of Chicago is the baddest part of town
Can't speak for the original commenter but probably not yours since I'd rather not be tortured for eternity for disbelief.
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.
I hate u i love u.. best song that describes that
Even that game winning kick was close. Our kickers are cursed.
This wouldn’t feel so bad if sales and footfall weren’t but many external pressures were keeping profits down.
This is so wholesome! I can‘t wait for Animal Crossing Switch! 😍🤩
If it gets caught.. it can't.. breed😱
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!
I'm sure the two young sons of [NAME] are comforted by the fact that the cops involved didn't want to kill an unarmed man.
Use a damn rubber
happy early birthday OP! have fun !
Haha hopefully, that'd be good for his morale. I just wanna beat the Knicks tonight honestly. 
The part about the size of the shit was unnessecary but appreciated.
Things did not go well on Eros Station...
Crazy he took 1 year contract instead of a stable 4 year contract. Kind of shows you how dumb the guy is, 1 injury is all it takes
It was totally worth it.
It's only 5 mins, but I hope this is the one. Sorry that happened to you friend.
I've heard of Ne Obliviscaris and the Ocean. I'll check these out, thanks!
Those pearls are the worst, ugh.
Capitalism ha shifted like a huge population of the earth out of poverty, so things are globally getting better
And a pretty bad [NAME] too.
Man I wish they wouldn’t
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.
You couldn't even figure those out? Wow. Speechless.
I don't disagree with anything there.
You're mistaking a poor character for MC.
But funny, and that absolves the sin!
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone
[NAME] we support you! Love from Mexico I hope everything works out for you, whatever you decide to do!
Leave me alone :(
Thanks mrs—mr [NAME]
Never heard of him before, But I believe in [NAME]. He’s going to be a legend after we hire [NAME]. Long live [NAME].
Thank you, I’ll send them to her the next time we talk
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying
I honestly couldn’t care what you think of me random person on the internet.
I’d love the current battle system blended with the old system of sneak/blending and a modern day story that Ubisoft actually care about.
That's why imo [NAME] death is better.
I don't know how that works, but it's definitive that it will happen on that date.
Yes, I had to drive about 2 miles to the restaurant but I only waited 5 minutes. 
Maybe delve into existentialism, read books from existentialist authors? Not that I'm a big fan of it, but maybe that could help you out.
"My favorite so far is ""national emergency declares national emergency."""
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...
I have tried and succeeded. You’ve just had bad luck my friend.
Hahahah this is one of the dumbest thing i ever heard. Thank you for sharing and giving me a good laugh
You are an asshole.
Fair enough. I miss working meat
I didn’t say you should take my word for it. You’re not discussing this sincerely.
I'm fully erect tho and I still don't like them
oml I’m so sorry OP for all that
Oh how lovely and vague. Your non-committal form of conversation is delicious.
I’m sorry I only have orange ones :(
It’s spam
I literally screamed uncontrollably for 3 months and ended up in a mental hospital.
And when it's time to get him into violent videogames, just get him Viscera Cleanup Detail
Wow, that’s a big 3 year old!
Y'all are fucking annoying
Well said. And I love your username. 👑
Thanks a lot [NAME] /s
As I understand if our Libel laws had been as shitty as the ones in the UK he could.
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!
Crazy stuff! Gets 80% to shatter before taking any damage. That positioning is on point!
She looks really pretty
Now that's what I call projection!
Could not agree more!!
That took me a moment. I am ashamed and will now go commit Sudoku.
It is heated overnight at much cheaper rates. They are very well insulated.
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression
Old dirty Bastard?
To be fair, we’re still missing CP3 and [NAME]. This game has been pretty ugly overall though. 
He told you to handle it, you did. If he doesn't like it, he should've taken care of it.
Something like that lol
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(
Your response is truly one of the most amazing ones I’ve seen.
Just the name of it gives me anxiety
A mix of useful idiots and active grifters. It's a sad sign of our culture that these people make a living this way.
A Mass Effect tarot deck would be awesome! That was exactly what I thought when I saw this.
Thank you I very much appreciate it.
Wow. Yes
It taunts you
Access should be hindered it's getting destroyed.
"The amount of actual debating about who is ""best girl"" is fucking ridiculous Jeez, y'all need to chill"
Man, she must really hate infertile women. 
I would trade any and all players, no one except maybe [NAME] at this point 
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.
Oh I remember that final , I just dont want to involve my team in the conversation because we share a rivalry
"""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""
The similarity to cigarette companies is eerie.
I dont know how this is a joke. BUTT, I appreciate the effort.
Our federal budget is $4 trillion. Until entitlements are reformed the arguments over what things cost is irrelevant.
PAC man looks too fast
I’m scared.
Sorry, didn’t realize I was talking to a fan of the prestigious UCLA Bruins football program.
Ohhhhh, you're good.
> For the same reason it wouldn’t permit business with an expressly racist/sexist/etc. business But those practices are illegal at all levels already.
"I think you need to explore your motivations a bit more. I very much doubt you just want to know and ""That's all."""
Weird, never had a problem
Yepp, plenty of people like a nice big bush! I literally have no preference and think both are totally sexy. 
I'm not a jealous person. That's not an emotion that comes naturally to me. I wouldn't try to cultivate it or maintain it.
My seven year old usually wants to change behind closed doors and her decision is respected
Glad to see Tael (wabi) on the list but surprised its not at the top.
It's like they have no self-awareness, and they just engage in ridiculous hyperbole and expect to be taken seriously.
Thank you for the update, I’ve been stressing about the shutdown and lines. This helps.
YOU WRITE LIKE A YOUNGER MAN, WITH NOTHING HELD BACK. ADMIRABLE, YET MISTAKEN.
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.
I used to hate them too, but since vikendi I’ve gotten pretty used to them 
First thought: OHHH FUCK FUCK FUCK!!! Okay, time for me to submerge and introduce this MOTHAFUCKAS EYE BALLS to these hands
Makes sense, I don’t think I called out to them ever. Thanks. 
I don’t see anything awful on her. She’s old. That’s it.
Kinda weird to continuously shoot at Police too...
Of course you can. Wear a racist T-shirt for a day and see what happens.
You should make your own listing to showcase exactly this. Should be easy if it's as rampant as you say it is.
I'm so sad.
In the first game, definitely, but they're more even in 2/3. 
I've used tofu and nutritional yeast before. It works well for ricotta! Recipe here!
That’s so nice! Kindness like this makes my heart happy.
Uh. Okay. I dont thats likely to happen. Even when people were eating babies it was not die moral reasona
If [NAME] is lurking here it's probably definitely not good for his issues
Lol okay. It's not like they're billion dollar organizations that have their own personal agenda. Fine. Enjoy your bubble.
Absolutely nothing! LOL
It's not funny. Your neighbor doesn't sound very bright.
Takes a lot less effort to just say “fuck off, buy your own.”
Hahahaha. I can picture it as if I was a fly in the walll. I love mj like [NAME]
How are they assholes?
>so it doesn't seem like I'm a ~~whimp~~ wimp If someone actually says that to you, they're the wimp not you.
I'm still so sad we never got to see [NAME] witnessing his miracle baby's first steps. ☹️
I think you're right. I've been proactive before and it helped. Thanks and hope this year is good to you as well!
That was actually Chicago. Cute as hell though
Sweet. Thanks [NAME]
Thank you! I’ll look for his art. Btw I have no idea what Faces of Death or Traces of Death is
One of my all-time favorite bands, and one of the best live acts you'll ever see!
You obviously have never seen those creepy videos with 10m+ views with kids. And those Elsagate videos.
Play something else and come back later. You’re burning yourself out
No, go home
Oh heck oh frick
If you're talking about tfue you're insane. He plays scrims for hours, every, single day. 
That’s gotta hurt.
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂
Ok thank you!
Or maybe just don't have a family and you're financially secured for life.
He’s such a pervert.
All I'm seeing here is that you commited a brutal murder.
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying
I care. How are you today?
You can thank the Volkswagen diesel scandal for this...that plate was
lmao im am using ALL of this money to pay my student loans! and starting with a $100 again, see if ill do it again :)
good move. needed another lefty in the pen.
That is utterly horrifying. I'm so sorry that your kindergarten teacher was such a heartless old bat.
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.
heh, I remember that commercial.. Was pretty cringy
Ok. You’re just being silly now. Good night.
My birthday is in March, so that MK11 Beta access is also going to be awesome.
I like it!
I know what I said son
Good to see this getting traction again. It really exposes [NAME] to be a useful idiot, and his supporters to be even dumber than that.
I've been waiting to watch [NAME] die for a long long time. Sure hope that one is right.
Exactly! When the mom went to kekeing in [NAME] face to FaceTime with [NAME] in all of 10 minutes my jaw fell to the floor!
Testing it out in creative it feels like the hunting rifle got a huge buff this patch, cant wait to bring out one of my favorite weapons 
I’m so homesick and I come here for photos like this.
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay
[NAME] and [NAME] would be amazing, maybe [NAME] too.. The Rolling Stones, [NAME] and [NAME].
Interesting how the before photos are clearly yellow-tinted, as can be seen by the difference in the skin complexion 
Yeah this whole thread is gross. Calling a little kid trashy or misogynistic or sexualized for liking to play dress up is just creepy and weird.
If you all keep nagging me with this question I will turn this car around and then *no one’s* getting to watch the trailer.
Thanks for gping to the effort, but i would be surprised if he read it and gave it the chance he have trump. Pleasantly surprised, though.
Weird flex, but ok
Because [NAME] was playing awful in the first two sets. Absolutely terrible.
Yayyy!!! Go little green bean go!!! Good job trainer!!
Sigh, that was beautiful 😢
I love how much [NAME] winds up the tories and just shouts over them while they protest - great speaker
Oh wow. That sucks to hear about [NAME]. I guess not uncommon with a bad family life.
They’re more and more surprised every week when this is reposted.
Wow, your posting history is a real... interesting ride.
This is dumb. Why is Detroit Lions infiltrating here.
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.
Therapists hate this trick!
wow thanks for the explanation. it's been like 3 hours and still looks like this
My bad I just realized it, I’m 31M and she’s 31F
"he tried to motivate the team in the locker room but i think it was [NAME] who was like ""just sit down festus"""
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.
You're not the only one. I for one feel stupid for thinking 100t shouldnt be having problems with such an easy pool
Yeah probably. But the thought of [NAME] and [NAME] installing democracies instead of authoritarian dictatorships is utter nonsense.
> ftw Awesome statistic. Made my day! Love it
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither
[NAME] ran out of her way to butt into the conversation with [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] . I can't stand [NAME]
I am. He's the easy pick. Would be perfect for this franchise. I'm worried that he won't make it to us.
Nah I'll be right thanks [NAME]
Omfg the worst!! want to pull my hair out!!
You know this is really messed up and unacceptable, but it mainly forced the realization that I’ve never played with Omniknight.
omg, id cry if this was my store 
I have always loved [NAME], love the deadpan humor of him and peavis, and he's just a talented and amusing guy.
I didn't turn the sounds on because I'm in bed and it LOOKS nasally
Thank you for doing your service. The world is now a better place because of you
Don't use autism as an excuse to be an asshole
It's a really fun game and is a great way to hang out with friends. Hope you have fun!
01/11/19 - pretty easy to remember as it is the day my band released it's first full length record. The release day gig was also pretty neat!
good start [NAME]. MORE! MORE TRADES! GET WHAT YOU CAN! SELL, SELL, SELL! #BurnItDown #NobodyIsSafe #ShapeUpOrShipOut
Agreed, even better
This was potentially the most dangerous stunt I have ever seen someone do. One minor mistake and you die.
Nah they'll make their own post that's really passive aggressive about SOME people not understanding [insert fatlogic excuse here]
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
The chicken and bacon one sounds absolutely baller. I’ll have to check it out! Thanks
I think only time will heal this pain that I’m going through. I hope I get over him soon, especially before school starts!!!
Nah, you're nice peoples who eats pickles.
At least she didn't cough into it afterwards. Double whammy
I'm so racist and self important I refuse to braid this girls hair
Thank [NAME], good luck and hope you find the happiness you seek
OOOOOFFF, now that'd be a kick to the head
he stopped talking to me 🤷🏼‍♀️
So... no nerd here to say the stomach doesn't really do that? Is this Reddit or what?
he is a very dangerous man
"""So long, [NAME]"""
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.
Agreed. You can't count on him every night. The entire team is frustrating as hell
Yes, definitely classy. <rolls eyes>
Damn these refs actually fucking hate us.
A lot of things men do *isn't* sexual harassment no matter how you feel about it.
It's interesting that you don't address anything but just come to troll
We always look so hot headed at road 😞
Because you aren't serious. You're just mad because you got told to stop using slurs one too many times.
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?
You didn't need to split this into two posts...
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!
Oh my god, who in the world eats their cracker without its Shell? Simply disgusting, didn't even had to ask. Smh
I can do that too but I have diarrhea
One of the better shutdown memes I've seen. Have an upvote.
Because Im going to feel sorry for the death of someone who assaulted me. Sure thing buddy.
What changed for [NAME]? Last season he had a spurt of being meta and dominant and [NAME] was a bit of a terror
You're not wrong, [NAME], you're just an asshole.
Precisely that. I hope you’re able to find strategies to deal with it easier, it’s really tough
You progressively lose more of your money!
I'm sure he immensely appreciates the gesture.
Doesn’t offend me, I just don’t like looking at it. 
I can't wait to find out why this is inaccurate and I should hate the person who made this post and shower them with downvotes.
Perfect example of the disgusting misuse of ‘Orwellian’ on this website
I refuse to accept that
Really!? I thought it had, or at least it should. Guess I'm better off leaving too
Thanks for the reply! I appreciate your input. Please keep me in the loop, I’d love to be more active with this if possible.
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.
I’d love to get an update on what happened! (When you are ready)
Thank you!
Go for a walk with him. No phones allowed. Let him talk, share your experience. It hurts a little less every day.
Yasssss. I loathed Harry Potter. Book? Movie? Toy? Board game? Costume?
The fact that [NAME] was not mentioned in this thread confuses and upsets me.
Pure unconsitional love can also be dangerous: if the other person turns out to be an abuser you should propably stop loving them
[NAME] you like picking and choosing. not how life works. not how fact works.
Thx! Keep waiting for her to take over and say NERF THIS
noob spam haha
That was awesome!
Sorry for all the questions I just find ASPD to be a fascinating disorder. I have BPD SO to me not having emotions sounds like a dream.
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!
Sweet thank you!
genuinely funny - downvoted
I almost feel sorry for the poor fellow because, to me, the fingers still look abnormally stubby
I've never read an article that made me experience both disgust and schadenfreude in equal measure like this one has.
I can't believe you would call me that and act like nothing happened. Honestly, what's wrong with you
I like how the ceremony goes right out the window after he delivers the rings to get all the pets.
Mf perioded on my new sofa
Wow! You must have pretty low standards for teachers in your state/school! I guess that's why Massachusetts is always first for education.
Their roster just doesn’t work, sadly they didn’t realize it in time.
You two seem nice.
[NAME], are you a real person? Thanks for proving his point about how uneducated you are. 
OMG, crying laughing right now. Hubs and I both. What a visual!
This is the worst Hellraiser reboot script I've read this month, and let me tell you, I've read a lot of them.
No its not, a AGM can do damage in excess of 15m$.
Gah!!! I wish you well! Also, what NERVE they have.... wow.
"I read that as ""It's fat being fucked in the picture"" lmfaoooo"
I got an unsolicited text from wal-mart earlier today and I almost went into orbit. Spam texts are completely unacceptable.
Ooh I thoughy today was last day. Damn it I spent 10 hrs playing HvV today😑.
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.
I miss candlestick :(
Thank [NAME] for you
It's nice to see someone regognize my username :)
this is super cute, i love it
I have a headache from watching that
very interesting - I’ll have to read up on him - thanks :)
Yeah the non guarenteed packs are really the worst. I think I did 2/20 on those.
Even weirder way to spell [NAME].
Lol don't worry, they even make you somehow hate [NAME] in season 2.
Chipotleee! [NAME] Damitt! Closes in 39 Seconds.. but we made it!! Loved this guy!!
i appreciate the consistency of your values.
I love the vid, I just wish it was longer ;_;
I can't delete my account, so I'm just gonna edit the post itself. Thank you for your help!
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says
I’m just gonna see how tomorrow goes tbh. I’ll take life one day at a time :) thank you for the help ❤️
Ha ha. You can't define something into existence.
I like to hope I can convert some of mine.
What country? That sounds like a sad septic system. I'm sorry.
They hated him, because he told them the truth
lol that was just bad, [NAME] 
Let's all go to Dragon Laaaaaand!
Please be [NAME]. I like [NAME], for the record. But I'm def willing to part ways with him. 
Glad we can take a win into Philly.
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]
Nia even in its current state vr can help you with that. And maybe even more 5 years from now.
For cart pushers, I can’t recommend getting good winter/rain gear highly enough. Good socks and waterproof/resistent shoes will make a world of difference.
Yeah right like they always talk about themselves why can’t I gets me so pissed off
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.
Yes - summer, and I was with my parents who did all the actual work so I just got to relax with the baby! 
I was so worried for the kitty the whole story.
Yes that was abuse.
Now I feel like an idiot calling it a beamer for the 15 years I played baseball.
Don't cope
I love lamp.
Not the snowbank, though. That will end badly in spring.
you are definitely trolling us. That can't be true
Wish this applied to TPS's
I apologize if I came across that way, it was not my intention. I meant only to state a fact.
Just did that. He ignored me and didn't respond.
That wasn’t part of my plan
And [NAME] just got laughed off the stage. How things would be different if he had won. Seriously timelines would be so different.
Fun ruiner.
Why are you so angry?
Not ok. They could have easily given them a drug test if they really wanted to know if they were on drugs. Disgusting.
So true.... hes my baby but I never expected his level of protectiveness, hes literally an ounce so it's pretty crazy to see
This. I relate to this. So much. Almost too much.
Fuck I’m sitting in position 3 right now
But when you do, just remember that trick so you don’t have to take your break or get an RI. 
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?
I don't think they really learn so much as they relax and get more comfortable.
lol i've done the same with the pan flag, one time literally drew it on the sidewalk and explained what it was, somehow nobody got it...
Fair, yes, [NAME] is against that, so a good transition on your part.
Obviously. If we were able to make such logical risk/reward assessments it wouldn't be a problem.
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”
I’m not gonna lie guys, if we help a team break their 9-game losing streak I’m gonna be pretty upset.
You used the correct term. Good job.
That first picture perfectly depicts the epitome of a punchable face.
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it
"You know the first thing they're going to ask ""so, are you hungry?"" "
Go lie somewhere else. Go to Faux News or something. They,ll believe you.
Got boarded, ejected, and ship damaged... very poor tactic.
maybe. Id praise her for it though. In a world of... instagram beauty... its refreshing when someone is just themselves
You are a shining ray of light in a dark chessless world. thank you my friend.
> Imagine the ~~nightmare of regulation~~ flood of unregulated money these guys are up for- congrats.
well that's no creepy in the slightest
Hey, you sound like you're living my exact life. It's a good life. Enjoy sharing the love. 
"I can hear [NAME] now: ""Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""
This sub is very very bad at irony
Great pass by [NAME]
So its not mum and dad then.
Thank you. We’re seven months into reconciliation. We definitely had HB for the first couple weeks as well.
So you stay on your theft from auto waiting for them to dispatch the next shift to the backlog of calls.
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!
The tactical alliance between PYD and the US doesn't fit the characterization of intervention. That's also not relevant to what the hashtag is about.
Had a great time playing overwatch, but only *some* of us were getting too drunk for everyone's entertainment >.>
My stress levels are really too high. Let Tuesday bring some good news...
That was a great episode
In 5 days bones would not be crusted over,sorry not buying it.
You're so fucking original
CENTRISTS ONLY LEFTISTS GO AWAY also stop downvoting we don't want a circlejerk.
Awesome quote.
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.
Some judges are just literally scum. Have those in Germany aswell. Unfortunately.
Me, because I'm a narcissistic bastard.
This is powerful. I appreciated it so much. I hope to end up as free and as confident as you
"Gotta love the ""its a metaphor"" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"
Im so interested in learning more about the Garrison EU.
Metallica recorded a congratulatory video for him, so effin cool: 
Sure would hate to explain sodium and water to them as they sprinkle salt on their food.
Obviously a degree in veterinary medicine, in case Mr [NAME] has the sniffles
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.
Thats pretty sweet.
Oh god I thought he career was long over
Shame our government can't progress as fast as the infrastructure.
This looks delicious, I wish I had all ingredients on hand, because I would make this tomorrow.
The Mets fans in me gets excited for [NAME] when I hear [NAME] theme.
Previously it wasn't working, now its fine though
Because lost media presents a question with no answer. Humans are curious creatures, so presenting them with knowledge that cannot possibly be learned is extremely frustrating.
Thank you! I was wondering what to do tomorrow morning. Now I have something to go to.
Drs hate him!
I think it's ridiculous that we continue to pay taxes to fund paychecks that federal workers aren't receiving.
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack
Really wow, what a steal
Sex is gross and gross things are immoral to conservatives unless they are doing them.
Some rambling paragraphs about what a waste I am and how sorry I am to be a disappointment to those around me and that sort.
Lol, that’s funny. I’ll have to find our Aggieopoly and see how it compares.
That’s [NAME]. One of the most famous and richest criminal defense attorneys in the world.
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.
Like [NAME] said at the very end of the stream, “You’re still here and you can still do amazing things.”
My knees, I had to quit running because they got so bad. Even hiking starts hurting after awhile, especially on long downhills Also glasses and deep voices
He insisted on a monogamous break and I agreed.
Apple can still go kindly fuck itself tho
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!
Not really, the save file has nothing to do with the engine.
“So which one is she” “Uhhhhhhh.....”
> not broken I beg to differ.
I think a budget PHD or DNP would cost me 35k so not happening.
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged 
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong
Can these be made so in the future it could be made even higher? Like adding an additional 15 feet or so? Would be cool...
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.
What a nice person helping the mentally disabled.
Throw it all on the mortgage. Don't spend it on garbage you think you need.
> Best ~~3pt~~ shooter fucking ever. FTFY
Just like in Seinfeld when the waitress called the audible after [NAME] talked about how much he likes manure.
Good grief... cushion those talons with some toilet paper or Kleenex next time. It’ll give you better traction, too. 
Here’s hoping this ends soon lol
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 
As a non-immunocompromised person I like their stance.
Still looks pretty delicious, makes me really want an omelette rn tbh
I had a young woman patient who was repeatedly found on the floor, naked and masturbating.
Oops. My bad
You are totally right!!! Complete waste of time
Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.
Out of all the seasons I definitely feel the worst for her
Don't worry--reminders like this are exactly where grizzled old guys can help out most.
Today on someone flamed me in chat
Not complain. She could not complain since she made no effort in the beginning.
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ARE GOING TO APPROVE ME, I HOPE DO NOT PASS THE SAME AS WITH THE OTHER GIRL ... 😳
I was having a good day. We were ALL having a good day.
Glad you feel better! My offer still stands though, if you need someone, I’m here
Dallas didnt play our schedule lol Even with VJ we could have beaten that team lol
😂 thanks. I like yours!! Makes me think of yoga retreats but like in the best way possible
>How can I hate [NAME] I like [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]? And [NAME]
Must be fun, just rewriting history at will...
Lmao good man
Great, good to hear he was positive, so to speak, about it.
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.
[NAME] might steal this format if that’s ok with you lol
I feel like it took for fucking ever actually. Still too fast, but anything would be
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.
Don't hold your breath!
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility
I just have never found that area very attractive. Also from what I understand there is a lot of contaminated burial sites around there.
Right on. Hi from saskatoon canada. Take care buddy
Yeah that doesn't sound fun at all. I may just stick to the burbs.... Thanks for the reply.
I would tend to agree, but it’s also the crypto market. You never really know what it’s going to do lol
Disgusting trash feminazis, fuck your hijab
Eh I work oilfield so my sample of peoples opinions is probably pretty skewed. Still super embarrassing knowing this many people are so ignorant.
You mean, their gender. And no, we really just do as much as cis person.
No, that means you're actually 41.
This is the most adorable thing I've been made aware of. Possibly ever. You are being super sweet.
I mean I love [NAME] as a player, but emotional attachment aside, we really need a consistent shooter 
don't you hate it when that dogs are doing drugs behind your house?
Doesn't matter if hes in this sub, hes sliding into your girl's DMs rn!
I played in the WSHL last year and this really isn’t a surprise. It’s crazy how unbalanced the competition is in that league
Lindt don’t fuck about
Favorite: Hardhomme! That epic stare down at the end! Least favorite: No One. Completely ridiculous and unbeleivable
yes it does.
just awful I'm gonna throw a barbeque to get back at them
I second that. A broader mobilization and awareness would go a long way.
Ugh, this fucking tumblr account. I posted about this bitch before, they wrote that [NAME] drug rehab fanfiction.
I mean, is that really a guilty pleasure? It sounds like the coolest thing I have ever heard. 
Same can be said for fragile liberals who can't handle cultural traditions and keep trying to push the envelope.
now thats a good use for a glue gun
No...how dare you bring factual evidence into this conversation! /s
Thanks grandpa, it’s always good to see you around the holidays. That joke is hilarious every time!
Definitely not lol You could probably find a better boogyman than that
Agreed. Personally I don’t understand meeting up for just sex, but I still don’t judge those who do it. 
I’m sorry for your loss op
> like beer, is a waste of time Sir you forget yourself!
Oh thank you for the name, is there any way to get rid of them? 
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.
The conversion go muscle probably helped, considering the size of them. I'm super happy for you dude, you've done amazingly!
My favourite series are House Party and A Way Out. The Sonic comics episode is a golden too.
Burn themall!!!!
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.
There's doing stupid things when you're young. Then there's doing horribly stupid things when you're in your mid-30s and you're already active in Politics
Very happy with this !
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.
Sorry bb :( I understand that feeling all too well, haha
Yeah good life to you too. Let's hope you and your commie friends dont die of starvation and poverty in your glorious communist future.
Gotta love Alabama School Fundraisers. You know that dad paid big bucks with how excited he is
Optimism and emotions got us into this mess in the first place ffs. At least clarify why you are optimistic.
If the blindness ever comes back for whatever reason, try doing this:
Shai-Hulud! Bless the maker and his water
Its whatever you make of it. No one can tell you what it feels like except you, this is a journey you’ll have to take alone
TIL iguanas can be pretty cute
Not enough that the median incomes for those without a degree to be close enough to those that did as to not be significant.
I'm just tired of feeling the same way everyday it's really grinding me down, that sucks about your summer school.
Also assumes a kid only has one teacher K-12 at school. Which is ridiculous.
It was stupidmancostume
[NAME] I hate Twitter
effective java! It's a classic.
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. 
Oh [NAME], me and kiwi or pineapple. Or that feeling when a tortilla chip gets stuck in the roof of your mouth
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything
No it's because we're ugly, short, and ethnic 
Nothing better to do with their time, I guess?
Lol. That's exactly what I said. Yep. That's it.
Not all. [NAME] is cool. If he ever runs again in the primaries he will get my vote.
Wow! Dude has aged well. Maybe I need some of that snek oil!
Thanks. People on the sub are unreasonable. They think [NAME] is worth so much yet won't give up much for [NAME]
[NAME] doesn’t use reddit, but I’ll bring it up with her. She might find some good support there. Cheers! 
*ads even more trashier
Best comment ever.
Freaky, more like creepy
Hence the apology note.
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.
Oh noooo. I once accidentally rubbed my eye after handling habaneros. It's the worst.
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.
Lucrative. I like it.
Yes. Especially if I go to sneeze and I lose it, I just look up to a light and bam. Sneeze time!
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.
Looks pretty dope.
I would never wish for someone to get injured, but an injury needs to happen at the Pro Bowl so they cancel it forever.
Weird I'm short and have anxiety and depression and somehow I'm not an incel.
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. 
Winter depression has finally gotten to me. So damn bored even with all these bowl games on.
Oh [NAME] how awful
I fucking hate [NAME]
The clothing comes in individual plastic bag from manufacture, but I do agree with the plastic packaging for the jewelry. That amount of plastic is unnecessary.
TSA agents are like tow truck drivers. Everyone hates them.
Happy belated cakeday.
Now that's a beautiful cake but that's way way WAAAAAAY too much icing for me... Added a good 5 inches to the cake damn!!
I hope they don't do that just to please pissed off fans who want everything to be cliché.
Yes! And also when you accidentally look at someone and think that they think that you're checking them out or something.
That is incredibly disheartening.
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred
CONGRATS! So happy for you. May life treat you kindly from now on.
[NAME] damn I need a cigarette now
That sounds plausible. Lets hope that you are wrong for both countries' sake.
I blurred the names of the others it's about [NAME] being [NAME] 😂
Phoenix and Orlando are teams I hear sniffing around [NAME] in free agency. Both make sense.
Like an idiot.
This article was written so poorly that it's hard to take seriously. It's like a stream of consciousness with very little to actually say
Only all the time. As of a few years ago it’s been impossible for me to do it, which is discomforting to say the least.
He is so boring ....
Put that back where it came from or so help me...
We don’t like to talk about that
> I want to feel peace and not have to wake up everyday anxious for what the day has in store. I can relate to this.
The fuck is “mog?!”
Love this - beautiful penmanship
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!
Hell, no. Teenagers just aren't that interesting.
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )
Seeing people overtaking on the right makes me anxious.
I'm starting to think you're just an idiot.
MTV loves Indiana
I freakin love this channel
This makes me so happy, having a step parent can be a sensitive thing but you are definitely a good example of what to do, congrats!
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy
Oh, I felt that despondency at the end there. Poor guy. 
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.
Like idgaf if it’s fortnite themed I need those in my life again
i love you.
She looks so corrupt... Same with [NAME]
Huh. Weird.
I see. Thanks again for taking the time. I'm very isolated from the world so It's good to finally talk to someone about those things.
Great job thanks!
I am. But I presume you are gonna tell me I'm wrong because it doesn't line up with your experiences - whatever.
I'm sorry OP, every single thing on that list is incredibly wrong. I hope you're doing well now. 
Still the greatest timeline tho
Just do the steps and stop complaining.
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.
They both crazy
It isn't called the immortal science for no reason ey
Fuck. That.
you just use the word weird like that's all there is to it. weird isn't the issue. the issue is garbage
Well, I knew that a lot of people don't trim their bushes in the eastern suburbs, but that's ridiculous.
Good [NAME].
No she would just get 18 years in jail (raising a kid).
But it taste and look so good 💦👌
This offseason has been so upsetting
[NAME] I hope we get lucky again. Great job with the write up. I don’t follow college ball too much so this helps a ton.
What a beautiful moment
Gotta love jetpacking.
Thanks for the honour of speaking with the representative of atheism.
Wait until you’re at least 25 to get a tattoo. You’ll more than likely regret it otherwise.
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. 
Thanks for catching that. Fixed.
Lol people still watch CBS?
Canadian [NAME] here to disagree with you. Politely. Sorry.
#Screw you, [NAME].
This is amazing. Love these edits.
Great point.
I'm a university student and even though I have a job, I'm going to find out about this at school. Thanks for the tip!!
Would be a good idea what deal labour wants.
Omg yes lol
Glad [NAME] found some love in his life
It's bizarre that it's considered normal to intentionally brainwash people into murdering psychos.
You are welcome, I have faced lot of sibling related issues. Hope things work out well for you.
It's very convenient!
This post is inappropriate for this subreddit.
Thanks I'll give it a go. Nothing used for randoms at all? Would it be better for me to find a group to play with?
Yeah, that lamp was pretty tall and slender. But I don't think there were any lights on upstairs.
Lmfao, so true. 
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.
Nah she's just a dull asari doctor, with a pleasing voice.
I’ll give it a shot. Thanks for the alert. If this sub consistently hates it, it can’t be that bad.
We're not the only one that has it, but for a city of our population, we're probably one of the worse offenders.
Yea having children will always solve the problem
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.
It really sucks that almost everything we know and love about [NAME] is either told to us by proxy through other characters or is the result of fan-fics/shipping.
Do you not commute to work? It's still like that during rush hour traffic.
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)
"Thanks for the tip! You get bonus points for no spelling mistakes. If I can offer a tip in return, look up what ""ironic"" means."
"Doesn't matter how much experience you have, you're still delusional and most likely attracted to the ""wrong"" kinds of men"
Fuck I’m hungry now.
Just like an unwritten rule to discuss a perfect game during a perfect game. Interesting
[NAME] is a monster, my favorite of the Pythons. Such a perfect smug face.
Fair enough ;)
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.
yeah. thanks for your reply
I'm sorry that America funded a coup, but I get to have my Medicare. - AOC
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.
Maybe Streamlight Strion if OP wants something Fenix PD35 sized? Havent used one myself but have heard good things.
Different agencies, I guess. My agency would have the whole squad felony stopping these clowns.
We thought he was getting better but then he turned himself around.
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)
This is a great thread for catching up on my block list. 10/10 would block again
I’m sorry, you just sound like one of those people who takes overwatch super seriously and has no life
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this. 
"screw up phrasal verb of screw INFORMAL•NORTH [NAME] completely mismanage or mishandle a situation. ""I'm sorry, [NAME], I screwed up"" Is a murder mishandling a situation?"
But it looks so cute
Trust me no one getting caught but this dumb MF
M'goodboy. His mommy better give him plenty of tendies and honey mussy for his good manners.
Finally some news from [NAME]. Hope he goes with DAZN. Would love to see him face [NAME] next.
Cool as hell
Go away [NAME]....
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.
I love the downvote followed by zero response. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, goodnight *mic drop 
Nothing more Jersey than the sound of car horns over [NAME] rambling out an annoyed answer to a caller.
We can’t stand for this any longer!
I don't really know how to explain because English is not my first language, I'm sorry.
Some people just don't understand humor. Imagine living your life like that!
Wanting to feel sexy isn’t really a thing that applies to me tbh
Nah no one can help me
I ate 2 lots of rice a day, with chilli. I also had a bowl of high carb cereal. I lost 4stone. CICO, is real! 
Wow, I wasnt expecting that to be a real sub lol that's awesome
Yo I love that game too it’s great
Curse them out.
Oh sorry, I'll do that.
I’m sorry but I don’t think you do
That was straight up reckless
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is
Reality is often disappointing
Im always worried that League Pass won't be the Orlando Feed. Thank god today is [NAME] and [NAME]
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night
thanks, just sold my house to go all in
Tbh I don't quite get the hype behind [NAME]
This is terrible advice
He really channeled his inner [NAME] for this goal
Lets fuckin do this
Now there is no one face to face so tough is an option
Well, ok then nevermind. I'm surrounded by people I mostly disagree with, but I honestly don't know anyone that I would call outright evil. 
Nope. Just running from people wielding axes like a normal person. Instead of acting like a tough guy on the internet like you.
That's still crazy to me as it's the same price online and in store here. We just have a flat rate.
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.
[NAME] 31m contract is horrendous, I hated it when he signed it and I hate it now.
you give him way too much credit with this one
Tkachuk - Pageau - Stone is going to be our second line. Absolutely filthy.
Guys this team is SOOO FUN THO!!!! LIKE OMG
Man fuck, I didn't come here for these feels...
Every day it gets harder to tell the difference between a legit mental health issue and someone just using it as an excuse to be an arsehole.
Don’t know how I missed that
I love foreign money. I enjoy making origami from it.
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...
Funding was never the problem of Mass Effect. EA is. You're confirming their bad business strategy.
Still can’t blame him.... we’ve all been there
Being a complete idiot and blocking a road in front of a bar. Which is where most cops tend to hang out trolling for DUIs at 2 am.
This gave me ultimate anxiety
Citation found, dumbass.
Happy cake day
Cool. Hope they intended to clean it up but this kind human beat them to it.
I'm glad it helps, best of luck on your journey. You've gone 7 days clean, keep doing what makes you clean for 84 more!
i was in that thread, but i can at least admit it ;)
Have an interview in 11 hours and it's after 2 AM bet LETS GOOOOO
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄
Interesting. I’m very against the death penalty.
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D
I love all things supportive of books and spreading their wonderfulness.
That uncle was awesome.
no, educate yourself like an anarchist. 
Hope your surgery goes well and a quick recovery!
I’ll take one [NAME] please
You missed the chance to title it [NAME] :(
Thank you for sharing, that was some very big-brained marginalia. Now remember to wash your penis and clean your room before you play minecraft
For real. After I saw that, I just stopped reading. My eyes spun right out of my head. 
The parallel to the mistake you're making is so apparent I no longer believe you're discussing this in good faith.
You better go to a church tomorrow and repent..also, tell the Pastor what happened. I am serious. 
Ugh, the learning curve for hurdles has to be a painful one... kudos for finishing. Last couple falls probably destroyed her knees. 
visit your school's career center and speak to a career counselor. he/she can help you with referrals. good luck!
Ok, thanks for the clarification. I don't find it compelling but I appreciate your time and patience.
I'm disappointed in you too.
Yes I would rather have a government agency waste the money on food stamps. Right wing moron.
Your mental gymnastics are absolutely astounding
You’re right. Pressing f.
Wait, you have friends that love you? You're gonna be okay dude. I promise. 
I asked her before I told her. She took it on herself. I say NO all the time when I don't want to hear sadness and pain
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol
Fair. Actually fuck the last few songs on Bleach.
I pray the chains that make this life hard are broken by gods power and you are freer with each day!
According to BluePundit you should delete that if you care about upvotes, lol.
I regret this knowledge, give me back my ignorance damn it!
I feel like [NAME] isn't a legend.
Whenever I'm having a bad day, I watch a few eps of Cosmos to chill out.
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail
Flat out getting our ass kicked. Gotta give it to Memphis, they have just shut us down
Never thought of that. Now i dislike Heaven more than before.
Hey, 3/4 of BB20 was amazing. 
Why or when was he ever a locker room cancer though? Am I missing something? Thanks for the downvote for asking a question, though. 
LOL, once in a lifetime. Sheesh, this sub is obsessed
Do you have the car? Why didn't you get copies? What aren't you telling us?
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.
Ha. Fair enough.
Worried about it escaping....now that's fresh food.
You’re right. Thanks so much, appreciate it. 
Very interesting link, thanks for sharing. Happy New Year!
I have no friends.
This is gold!!!!! Im impressed. Very accurate.
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already
You're a legend.
I opened reddit to masturbate then I saw this. It's hard but... it's the right thing to do Thanks! Take it easy :)
Well I'll be darned.
I can't see a way forward, neither the government or the opposition wants no-deal or to cancel A50. 
I understand why he's confused but [NAME] is the host of the show, he can't just leave
Thanks for the reply. They are saying the engine issue is in cold weather. I live in NY. Does it get cold where you live?
Hey fuck-o I've broken plenty of rules I just have the decency to be ashamed of it.
Then present an opposing argument.
3h late comment. have fun at school !
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it
We had some sparkling apple in our ICU tonight as well! Happy new year!
I saw a pic on twitter where she was also wearing a fur stole and she looked amazing.
I hate y'all too
I hope if you ever have need of help for mental illness that the person who responds is not like you.
Your idea of the supposed limitations of bots is actually hilarious.
$42,000 fine over a JOKE is unreasonable. 
"Its supposed to be an ""eye opener"" to those claiming the winning team was lucky. I am not saying either is correct."
Fucking coward.
Lol, you guys are as popular in this thread as in real life!
Well. Good... they should know they've pissed me off
This is disgusting.
Kids disturb more and are MORE ANNOYING.
It's a waste of water to shower that often.
Oh nice, VB using him as their own populist tool to grab the attention of the overtly racist and scared of brown people.
 goat handshake denied Personally, I just think [NAME] was scared of touching such a relic as is [NAME] hand
Please get your soy away from me, i’m allergic.
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.
Can't stand people who spam their terrible youtube channels
Ya! Nintendo is for kids! Now join me on my expensive PC and let's play stardew valley like MEN!!
I really hope [NAME] gets a great helm. A crown would be cool but I want a properly armored sword and board knight.
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.
I've seen a number of them on there. I regret seeing most of them but some are legit movies.
You said an untrue thing. Own up to it, asshole.
I’m convinced WB is more of a pain than it’s worth. Good luck making adjustments during the semester. I feel your pain.
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!
I think it it would have been even worse if that was the case
You're right :) It's not all about aim though Anyways, [NAME] hard to hit lol D:
Low effort bait, not even creative or funny.
How aren’t you in fucking school
The world needs a lil crazy
Here’s hoping!
because people are idiots and don't like being wrong
I killed them for the first time in my most recent playthrough and regretted it. The replacement council sucks just as hard.
oh no, I didn’t mean one of my boyfriends haha, I meant one of his things. we’re not in an open relationship
Hopefully [NAME] has a chance to get some decent Exotics as a free agent
Cognitive dissonance. I don't support diagnosis via internet but she needs medical help NOT a medical license.
I've had 1, 2, and 4 said to me. I'm completely done at this point.
“I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them.”
I like how she dabs on the way down.
Thanks friend lol
Oof, that's rough. :( Sorry that happened to you, mate. 
lmao she WHAT
Weird, no formatting was applied. I changed to text
Thank you I hate it
Artificial bacon is always so bad. I think its just smoke flavor.
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much
Thank you for ruining the [NAME] joke.
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.
Freaking hate cats (that are like that)
Still a statistical minority by a great deal.
I really like Funhaus
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.
lol Holy shit.
/r/nbastreams is now posting home/away on their feeds, super easy to use.
Minor league team names are often embarrassing...Biscuits, Rumble Ponies, Sand Gnats. Baby Cakes is particularly awful though, I’ll grant you that.
It's disturbing that this tweet got so many likes. Like, this is why twitter has a cancerous reputation.
😡this was a scam
It's not a recessed center, there's an edge cut out around the outside. It's from the melting pot, best fondue restaurant! 
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.
Thank you for advice!!
Lmao this is excessive
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here
This gave me a bit of a wider perspective on playing my guitar, actually. So thank you.
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.
There is a huge hormone dump around 48-72 hours after birth. Totally normal. Take care of yourself, eat well, and get some rest.
The value of the knowledge from the books you could buy is priceless!
That's so awesome! (I am so jealous hahaha)
No, she's standing in the water after she pees.
I just don’t like traversing through the snow, and how the salt stains some of my boots, and the mess it leaves at home.
Hopefully [NAME] is not included
Scripted but funny
I feel personally attacked.
I mean, it'd be nice to see some other teams in the championship anyways, it's been Bama vs. Clemson 3/4 past years
This might be the worst FO in Orlando magic history
I was thinking the same thing! Then I saw your flair.
I'm curious to see the difference, but sadly that's not really something you can just ask someone.
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. 
natural selection will rape her anyway so...
What? No way do I want to see a Boston coach behind our bench!
"""I care about the nation and the world"" and ""I'd rather let trump win than vote democrat"" are opposites of eachother"
Great news. Hopefully we can get a PLP that is more representative of the membership.
Hardly surprising. Now they also lost their coach... rip
That was a great interview
This is not good.
What's good kid? Sorry for the racism.
As far as I know you can only get one RI in a day.
So sorry about your loss. It's so heart wrenching xoxox
My grandparents were holocaust survivors. Seeing things like this and trying to comprehend the horrors that they had to endure really helps put my problems into perspective.
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.
I mean, I’m an occasional monarchist myself. That doesn’t mean I’m under some delusion that it’s a fix all.
This is awesome!
I don't.
What a cataclysm
So cute!!!!!!!!!!
I had a total of 5 pet chickens. No way I could've ever eaten any of them. Glad that gfather confirmed that Banana Chip was buried.
No I don’t, why can’t you bring your hand to do it?
Not sure I understand, the legion is in a pretty good place right now in terms of their power
Great report! They are correct, it was never a hack.
That's crazy I just watched two of his movies last night. Unbreakable and split. Very interesting movies.
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. 
"I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a ""service line"""
Mate, just stop. You’re being an embarrassment.
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!
delusional about dread being a scam (don't know how this would work) and more of these conspiracy theories with zero proof/
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.
These are good ideas, thank you so much.
5 days?!? But I'm mad now!
Unfortunately half the country are not being reasonable.
I hear lobsters are great
Yes the ammo health thing really is a chore. Too much realism. we want have some fun in a realistic setting, not a simulator. 
You crush them up
So smart it looks like he shut his fingers in the door. That’s a nasty bruise under his fingernail.
W crazy game
Ew, this comment needs to die. Adultery is the most cowardly option you could ever pick.
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!
FUCKING READ IDIOT
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! 
I've wanted this for so long.
May your recovery be swift and your memory of her abuse soon be distant. Safe and happy travels.
Just a pretty parrot. He pops over to say g'day to a mate of mine most sunny arvo's.
ahhh sorry its late and bourbon fuzz has set in. thanks for the fast reply !!!!
Hey now, don’t try to have the guy killed. This is an upstanding sub. 
I’m glad you fixed Minnesota, because there is a 0% chance we will go Red.
I would like a link as well, please. :)
Such a nice photo of city hall.
Or, orrrrr. All Girls Poop Mindset Only video you need to naturally have confidence when you socialize All Girls 
On my way! Thanks!
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.
>It's not that I care Every reply now is you crying about being downvoted lol
Bingo! “I tried but those dirty libtards wouldn’t fund it. Sad.” Will be involved somewhere
Millennial here. Have a few motorcycles, none of them Harleys. I do not like overpriced, unreliable and bad performing vehicles. 
As an Aaron Jones owner, I did hate [NAME]. Lol but I’d still like the hire and just pray he becomes more innovative.
Lol ok. So saying a garbage clip doesn't belong at the top of a gaming subreddit makes me a [NAME].
Holy shit.
Tyl has got to be the most cringey, condescending thing I've seen on Reddit in a while.
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
And sing the beat !
One of those is not like the others.
Holy shit this golden comment flew under the radar. I laughed so hard
[NAME] bless [NAME]
This is peak level of marketing inception. When people promote your movie by admiring your promotion of the movie.
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...
As a teacher with a bunch of sick students, this scares the hell out of me.
so cute. your art style is adorable. imagine if you made a mini-comic drawing!
almost [NAME] can do it !!
Imagine the jockey explaining that to his boss and then cranking the legs to raise it while everyone looks on :)
Lol it was a joke. Meta from r/askreddit
Don't think we should be stomping all over people's bodily autonomy just so public health authorities can declare victory.
This joke hasn't really worked since the 11th Century. Even then it wasn't that funny.
I cannot be more clear myself: If you do not have a comparable situation, you do not have a valid point to be making
Too bad =(
Never underestimate the stupidity of people
The snapchat news feed on the stories page is horrendous, its entirely just celebs, porn and hookup culture shit. 
No need to bully me.
[NAME] still the best dev tho. Nice nonsense comparison btw.
Yeah transgenders are stupid.
Anyone remember mean [NAME] burger and fries? That place was the jam!
Thanks! I didn't understand til now
Just split for gods sake before kids are born.
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.
We didn't win in Alvalade even when they got 7th place. We just have some sort of block there
I don't think that's true. Every major story I remember from the [NAME] investigation has been from court documents.
awesome!!!! I believe in you!!!!!
Think you mean this Labour MP
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.
"What I'm suggesting is that since companies are ""people"" in the terms of citizens united, something like this could have some interesting unintended consequences."
Hopefully that's patched soon.
Yep, hell of a listener
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. 
Ha, nope! Trying to distract myself on mobile in a really boring meeting. r/whoosh
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.
Don't know why anyone would need more explanation than this video
Cider, its an acceptable drink to get drunk when you don't like the taste of beer and too much of a man to drink moscato
I‘m sorry this guy is harassing you, check his history, he‘s trolling.
Well I mean this game is so stupid in a lot of ways tbh
Someone who evidently doesn’t really know much about football or doesn’t do a simple google search before posting.
I see, thanks for the clarification.
Omg stop spamming.
I love this passive aggressiveness!!
Luckily, everyone regrets MySpace. 
I can't do it anymore today, I'm out. 
It seems like good advice.
I were wondering what's the deal with the second pic .Nice find .
Ha interesting. Grew up in MN and never thought about this.
Ugh obviously that's not what I meant, what I meant is that *socially* if they have a sibling that they do not need humans *socially*. 
"My dad makes that joke ""I have to fight anorexia"", his BMI is 31..."
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!
My fav character
Tell her to stop eating shit and start using mouthwash.
Yeah, that's what we call it too. Have you been to Madina Masjid in Toronto? 
Thanks again.
Baby cake!
That pole and cheap plastic fence surely would offer excellent protection from a car. Walk it off brah.
It's vodka/tonic time for me buddy! I'm off work!!!! Hope all yaw be safe and have a great night!
How many times has this ‘football fan’ committed these crimes now. Someone should lock him up.
[NAME] steals the game! (and the puck for bouncing off of Detroit players)
Like I said, I’m glad that’s working out for him but for most of the world being gainfully employed societal norms absolutely matter.
Except for that ridiculous tongue action, she has quite a pretty face.
You have clear issues, get help.
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.
Sorry man, losing the championship after picking him up this year is a tough break
Happy cake day bot!!
Yeah level 3 armor was so overwhelming and felt like you had no chance against it unless the player was really bad or you had more concussion grenades
Yeah. I killed them both.
There's so much missing information that is hard to dissect. Did you initiate the divorce? What was the reason for the divorce?
Wish they would’ve cancelled work when it was -40 last week but I guess that’s somewhat expected in Canada.
Hopefully never, both the result of truly dreadful storylines.
the NT-242 is my favorite battlefront weapon, by far.
"""And then I apologized and expressed remorse over the situation"" "
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.
Don’t take this seriously man, I was joking.
So. Much. Reality.Can’t. Take. Anymore. Reality. Not. Scripted.One.Bit. 🙃
You shifty leafs were too nice. Something had to be up.
I did it. Lol.
Happy Cake day!
That's fine I'll still be here calling out your ridiculousness regardless.
To be fair, it is worse than staying in the EU, but good grief it's better than a no deal.
The problem with crypto is typically when people have a bad feeling about something it rarely turns out well
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. 
Best of luck
I'm not to proud of them right now. I'm mad at them ☹☹ But big ups!!
What is this fucking r/niceguys bullshit?
That seems like an issue with you not him
For me it's how much I love canned black beans that take a minute and forty five seconds in the microwave lol.
This too shall pass In 10 years this could turn out to be the best thing that has ever happened to you.
That it just seems worst now because we have phones (instant media)
I’m offended that your offended
Childhood is happiness. After that the rest of your life is spent chasing that feeling, a feeling that you’ll never experience again 
Thanks. Sounds like a bummer about 3, but maybe I should go back to 1 and check that out again.
A buddy of mine took his exes ring and taped it to the top of a firework mortar then set it off. It was glorious
almost every single time i have a friend from out of state visit, they make a comment about how bumpy our roads are
Oh goody, another idiot trying to tell other people what we believe. You are trolling, end of fact.
Youre fantastic. Thanks! How cute
I mourn for you anti-intellectuals
All good man haha
which is the very issue because he banned me
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. 
"""You people""? I think [NAME] is a moron but I think the [NAME] hysteria is equally if not more so moronic."
Sounds like you two have something in common.
So pretty! Great piping!
Oh shit lol I forgot to put “ashamed.”
it's a good thing they had a screen protector on it
I agree with this coked-up fiend.
Almost like [NAME] culture is written to be offensive, what with the institutionalized rape slaves and everything. They might even be the baddies.
When I am outside for daily errands, then it sometimes is inevitable, unfortunately 
I understand. Thank you for the suggestion.
I might not agree with the maduro regime, but t how can BoE justify what amounts to stealing $1.2 billion in gold from Venuzuela? 
Congratulations on your shiny spine! I really hope your boyfriend backs you up but even if not, we all do! 
OK, I think I can binge and rebinge the entire run 20 or 30 more times before then, PHEW!
It would be pretty epic if [NAME], the artist that did the San Bernadino '17 poster, did the cover art for the new album... 
This communities inability to understand sarcasm is absolutely awe inspiring.
Yes I prefer smaller boobs
Free with a price of $600+ if you want full standard collection or maybe $300+ if you grind with no life. What a deal!
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.
Thanks for your words. I appreciate hearing from you. You bring up some very disturbing points.
I don’t think [NAME] knocking us out of the copa would change anything. Our team is incredibly lethargic.
I like it A LOT.
Awe! That sucks!
I hate that this is true. Some of these offices are such a pain to find and cash tips are never part of the equation
I did not know that. Thanks!
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. 
You're not a good person if you make the person that just let you inside their body feel bad and disrespected.
Exactly, last year was frustrating with our [NAME] awful home record. 
Is a really worrying bench
Yeah, there are trees that are far older than 521 years.
>I have, on multiple occasions, enjoyed sipping on my flask of scotch at Bowness 
Nope. I don't think so either. Same thing I noticed with a couple of accounts that posted here at ESS recently.
Thanks - Glad I did not waste the money / gold
Oh, no wonder I like her so much!
[NAME] fuck my brain hurts, way to early for this shit. Sorry in advance if English is a 2nd language 
I never believe draft rumors of who teams are looking at or wanting, especially if its fan rumors. 
I'm so sorry. She's a very lucky cat to have people who love her so much.
Excellent work thank you for this. This is why I love Reddit.
I totally believe it, it's crazy how many drivers are so unaware of their lights
I’m sorry to inform you that this man is an imposter. I’m actually undercover atm.
They're upset because, if the slime that makes 4chan stink were to congeal into a person, it would be [NAME].
Wow. I dig that.
I was AF enlisted too hahaha
I think it was just a poorly worded title, what it meant to me was that there was a reason other than teaching kids to count. 
Where I live this standard, however they would of only been together just three weeks. Great news for you guys thou.
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.
"It's more like ""Get tinder or any of the apps and get rejected hundreds of times a day"""
Thank you. Give her and your other doggie extra kisses for me. ❤️
Maybe slw the fuck down eh
Obviously. Just like men are not raping or beating their wives. Rapists and wife beaters are. Thanks for playing.
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.
I'll give you that. Society is generally in a decline. I don't date men so I can't speak to that.
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna 
I don't particularly want an Eagles repeat either. Chargers, Colts or Chiefs would make me feel best. Then Rams and Saints.
See as sad as I am I can’t hate anyone here.
It's so beautiful out. If only the sun wasn't so consistently low.
Also the least satisfying answer but probably true haha
Thank you kindly.... I appreciate the support. Could you elaborate on the tip please? Thank you
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!
yes the one place i can reinvent myself over and over without killing the bank account. i think the things there carry a certain personality with them too
Happened this afternoon, January 21, 2019 in the Central South-East area. So frustrating! 
Oh no he didn't!
Wow you just disregarded his entire comment.
Umm how about “Sorry I tried to kidnap our son.” He could start there.
rich people usually tip the worst lol
You’re good, no worries
Humans are complex beings that we don't as people still don't understand completely. That is why.
B, I dont frink coffee anyways 
Yeah, I am! I'll private message you a link to my profile. Thank you.
Wooow! Thank you! Amazing
Can someone tell me the difference? Sorry, please don't get mad at me...
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.
Okay thanks. I'll see if I can find out how to do that.
There’s a lot of us ladies here, unfortunately 😔
Unpopular opinion: I'd rather the team signed 26-year-old [NAME] over 30-year-old [NAME] coming off another leg injury.
[NAME] I hate plant thieves. They’re almost certainly ppl who should know better.
Same, actually. Funny, just saw him in a local video doing the same bit.
Cool so you saw something already posted, didn't want to believe and did it yourself to post it all again?
Most important win of the season. Awesome
The only one to really be sad about losing is [NAME] tbh
We just got paper straws and we have to ask everyone if they want one first. it's anoying.
I think he's probably (hopefully) more interested in the URL of the page... :D
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it
[NAME] loves it
When there is 1 in 20 posts that is remotely serious and it gets 20 upvotes Vs 1200 of those that memes get...
This is worse, Balo looks like a horse
But he seemed really enthusiastic! And he was wearing really expensive boots!
or a horrible night of 15/4/4
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
Just a quick correction: if the next tax bracket is 10% than $10001 would be taxed $500.10
I love you tooooo!!
It was always kind of a consideration when I did have opening and closing blinds. None of them problems anymore.
Never will happen because of abortion legality. Party/religion over country
I really want pizza right now
Why in the world did you marry her? She's ragging on your own sister???
omg that's gonna be a hell of a reunion as well
What dose are you taking and how long did it take to help? I've been trying the Lazarus 50mg/ml. Not seeing any obvious improvement so far.
But balance does not include the dark side
Yep. They'll declare a national emergency and use army troops to seize all the plastic straws from chick fil a restuarants in the country
Afro samurai lol, that's pretty interesting never new they actually existed. I'm woman though so that wouldn't work for me 
Well no dur
Can’t be worse than last week
It's the worst when it's something you are passionate about
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.
Thank you I love you
Sad but true
PLACE THE DEVICE ON HER HEAD HA HA HA TIME TO DIE
Wrong. You tried to use a WW2 example and it backfired on you.
Yes, this! You are too young to wasting your time with this. 
I wouldn't even call this a CB, she wasn't offered anything and turned it down. Still sad, though. 
I also relate (and regret)
I'm missing something
As long as I have my plasma rifle and some combat armour, I think I can traverse the wastes without a ride just fine. 
They’re proud about having liberals make themselves look stupid with covfefe memes.
Because they don't realize that the Act of Union occurred. Either that or people don't like that this guy is being pedantic.
I personally like [NAME] and think he could be on the team right now, but the Org doesn't agree.
Ex-Marines are the best.
It's not his job to train you.
Haha, that’s meeee! 
Don’t laugh the way this game went I actually expected he will lay it in... then reality and [NAME] hit... thanks goodness
The [NAME] of horror!
Last time i knew stealing posts from other people wasnt a rule
Thanks a lot, [NAME]. Now I've lost my train of thought!
damn it I was holding out for [NAME] to carry the game
Thanks for your recommendation! My guy loves board games and those sound like they'd scratch our itches.
There's literally nothing wrong with it except you being worried about the purity of your partner like c'mon.
My boyfriend is transitioning and I hope he turns out as handsome as you!
But tbh, i dont think i am disgusting, but my feet still get smelly after a while 
Thanks for recognizing me bud. And yes I will take some crap to go please
I’ll check out and see if is!! Thank you ☺️
I fucking love this GIF so much.
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.
Well, its been hours and I was correct. The OPs comment was totally 100% incorrect. Have a great day, thanks for playing. LMAO!
Yes.
Hmm... I don't think EPCOR is the reason the oilers suck
ah good find. I guess I saw some sort of grade 9 class photo then. Cheers.
Yes it would be a poorly thought out plan... involving alcohol... never heard of one of those.
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.
Get him boys!
Your artwork is amazing.
What's up, man? I'm new to this but I will try my best 
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.
Sir, you have been warned. You antagonistic attitude will not be tolerated. Please try harder at being a model citizen. Thank you for your cooperation.
Search results are indeed based on personal search history. The first result I get searching Canadian Soldiers is [NAME], haha
I don’t watch the Colts, but out of interest do they insist on making [NAME] block consistently like we did.
Yeah. You obviously can read the mind of all the voters.
Stop spraying chemicals daily in the sky.
Ain't that the truth, lol
I tried Skelth, it's pretty old and feels like not too active anymore.
Wow OP sounds like you're really skilled at opening your legs, you're parents should be proud of you, STI and all.
Twas a joke ❤️
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much
"I mean they're just kids at the end of the day, the people yelling racist things are the ""adults"""
Aw here goes!
The Guardian are covering it. Naturally they think we're far-right activists and misogynists whose displeasure proves the necessity of the [NAME] campaign...
Yea true , it sucks that theater mode doesn’t work its broken as hell in this game 
Great news. Maybe they will be shut down.
Still annoying.
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??
This is alternative facts level populism. The man is a liar.
It's not exactly hard to keep track.
That's my wife ❤
Ah, I see. Thanks for the clarification.
Too bad [NAME] is a bad person if abandoned and tries to kill you as well. Her singing was really nice..
> While less than 1% of DV accusations end up being unsubstantiated I find that incredible.
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.
Recent Russian behavior is unacceptable...no doubt about it.
Make this a weekly PSA, please!! Lmao 
That convention center sized groan right after the reveal.... No one wanted this. I have no idea what they were thinking.
My mistake. I just glanced over your last post.
So what's so funny about what you just said?
Nah, my comment stands. Poor effort. 
bet he loves to slow dance
Benzos do not help anxiety long term. they make it worse
Agghh this is amazing! Wish I had thought of something like this when I was leaving retail!
This definitely sounds like bipolar mania or a schizophrenic episode. I hope he gets some help.
What you are describing is what I am feeling right now aswell. It's hard to handle the fact but atleast you aren't alone.
Until he goes back to school on Tuesday and all his friends are SO RELIEVED that he’s back safely.
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season
Which suggests nothing in itself. The same mods you claim are abusive are probably as hyperbolic about the racism issue as you are.
PD would probably get us [NAME] so we would all get pump faked until you realize he got the wrong one. Exhibit A [NAME] -_-
Honestly, this has got to be the most reckless way to bully and harass a kid. Kids have a tendency to grow to their expectations
Yo u r awesome op. Gold me :D
If you are as ugly as you say you are, you're already a statistical outlier.
This guy doesn’t like fox hunting because “toffs” do it. As with all policies of the left, it’s grounded in jealousy. 
[NAME]* that would have been sliiiiick
I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
She accidentally tagged someone with the last name Bells
Suddenly, a loud audible groan from every structural/civil engineer in Maryland that now have to deal with that bullshit :/
She probably just said it because it rhymes, sorry Op
Yeah that is a pretty crap and unhelpful thing to say, especially coming from someone who works in that job. 
You are a treasure. Please know how wonderful you are. Big hugs to you.
Yes!!!! Great weekend. As others have said, I can now enjoy the rest of the playoffs
voted! threw a couple of my other favorites in there too. thanks for the heads up!
Safe rooms and hidden passages, I hope.
heyyy that’s my birthday as well!
Ah what a bummer! Better kill them herons & spoonbills!
Oh man this gave me some flashbacks to awesome times playing with my dad
There are no male versions of feminists. Men live in a different social reality than women.
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.
"Look, [NAME]! I'm a cat. ""Ffs, [NAME]. Get off the ground. You're embarrassing me."""
that made me feel bad for nw
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!
Calling Hollywood...would make a great movie.☺
I'd be fine on the highway, really only stop and go and hill starts, and reversing that I have problems with. 
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man 
I was worried about that too honestly
Cheers brother. That’s very interesting. First time I’ve seen that article.
I mean it sucks but that man looks deaded
Just gonna be mean here, those are all hideous :(
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!
[NAME] making moves, as much as I still miss [NAME] I'm excited to see our teams future.
That's not fickle. That's insane and delusional. It's not some cute little quirk. It's a disconnect with reality.
That’s exactly what I was thinking but doesn’t it sound super cool?!?
Yes, protecting women from sexual assault is offensive.
I am so terribly sorry you lost your dad to this horrendous disease. Judging by this photo, he had a terrific smile.
I feel like [NAME] would have laughed at it though. It was a one-liner. I thought it was funny.
Weird, Tuxedo Mask looks shorter and pudgier than I pictured him to be
I got the 4K Blu-Ray and the Mrs and I are convinced you see more than butt in that scene.
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.
I feel like someone smart will go pound bama on the ML right now. But that person won’t be me lol.
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!
I think it's weird that he didn't just wake you up and weirder that he didn't tell you until you noticed it was missing.
Actually pretty :(( as [NAME] since the Hair is one big abomination and it could have been sooooo cool.
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.
Lol, nah, that team was nothing more than nyxl and friends. Nyxl coach, and mostly nyxl players.
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!
Better slap that car roof.
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.
Don't judge our love
I hope marvel brings [NAME] on for star lords new love interest
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!
I think that's a reference to how fucking mad watching [NAME] makes people feel. ie shit [NAME] is playing and now I have the furies!
[NAME] looks miserable in those photos.
Woah, how manly.
What a nice moment. Being in nature is super helpful to me for these moments :)
Holy [NAME], our hope and handmaid of the [NAME], pray for us!
I didn't realize CPO was an add-on available, I just saw their advertising. Thanks!
This sounds like disgusting wasp propaganda. You're being paid by Big Wasp aren't you? Confess!
Awesome! Thanks! I'll start the process tomorrow!
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...
The Donald raiders are the most savage of the bunch, they not only downvote brigade but also annihilate civil debates 
As a student in DC Universities I hope to fucking god they get rid of blackboard and replace it with canvas.
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...
CBD dog treats. They’ve worked wonders for my dog when it comes to fireworks.
Sadly I see it being a call to party like there is no tomorrow for the vast majority.
“[NAME] = [NAME] = [NAME]” 🤣😂 It truly takes a DEVOTED moron to embrace that nonsense.
I hate poetry
Won't continue. But the positive thing is it's not on fire shooting. It's great ball movement.
You can't talk morality to psychopaths.
Because it would look worse than 2D art.
It makes me super fucking nervous edit: was able to buy temple at +1 fuck it lets ride
What the hell are you talking about?
"It's gonna be the next ""live, laugh, love"" with everyone running around talking about if things ""spark joy"""
[NAME] is a creeper and hangs out with underage girls n shit.
They didn’t you lying sack of shit. This sub has no moderators.
My hair never scrunched and I was so jealous
Omg that’s a perfect idea! I obviously want to avoid the stalker thing but I do love basketball and understand it so this seems possible
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly 
Reminds me of that chick and the lizard, [NAME], and 7-11 tried to get the store number lol
Thanks for your input, I should have clarified the pop part of pop psych.
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.
i guess you must eat filets and lobster at all your parties haha
Peaky Blinders is the shit. I don't understand how there isn't more hype around this show.
I really want a WW1 [NAME]. It would be amazing.
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.
Cute pupper 😍😍😍
Nice try, bot!
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....
Nah, just gotta aim better.
Jazz fan here. I completely feel. [NAME] cousins has more votes than [NAME], and [NAME] hasn't even stepped on the court this year
Woof thank goddddd I changed my flair
Was impressed til I saw you main [NAME]
Let’s go [NAME], prove everyone wrong.
Thanks. We'll do our best :)
Sorry, but [NAME] doesn’t even compare to [NAME].
[NAME] has to have a shot. Tough son of a bitch. Also [NAME] = [NAME].
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while
That shit really just made my night. Haha
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU
The characters and story are really enjoyable. The dungeons are awesome. Generally decent sidequests. Fun items. Cool art style and character designs
I changed from [NAME] to [NAME] last night because I panicked. I am very pleased with my decision.
I'm really worried :( I sent a DM to them, I hope they will be okay... 
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones
The smile on these guys face, the will and passion to explore all gone in a second. Rest in peace explorers!
Well, [NAME] definitely a better actor but [NAME] seems like a better match for [NAME]
Same! Protect yourself as much as you can. I also clean the phone and the case :D
Not sure why you got downvoted so hard when everybody above is saying the same thing.
[NAME] is my 2nd favorite QB after [NAME]. Very high ceiling and [NAME] always seems to get the best out of his QBs
Same. Glad it's not just out store.
Easy money, thank you [NAME]
Always. And on a shallower note, he is aging so well, the handsome devil. 
Congratulations! I know it’s a hard thing to quit, I’m proud of you. 
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.
Haha Thank you. It got hard to choose who is with what after OSU, PSU, Michigan and Rutgers
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.
"she said (i swear to [NAME]) her doctors told her she wasnt bipolar and has ""anxiety caused by other people"" "
I missed you [NAME] you're pretty cool
Nobody has the money to. What a joke
She was sorry too, after I found out and ripped her a new one. LOL
🤷🏻‍♀️ As a wise man once said: he was a bastard in life thus a bastard in death 
Or, or.....hear me out on this....have a cup of tea (UK) and then just move the problem to a different location.
[NAME] it’s ok the trumpet player can’t hurt you anymore
There's a difference between rights and law. Stop conflating the two.
I wish they didn’t hate [NAME] so much. Feels bad to play her.
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.
I was just a little disappointed that there is no audible/visible reaction by the character when visiting the graves (also trying to avoid spoilers).
I will third Blues City Deli...the Prez [NAME] is ridiculous!
Stop doing weird things
People are legitimately monsters.
Not anymore it seems.
Self-deprecating humor is mainstream now. A lot of hot people now have hobbies and personality traits that were once almost synonymous with dumpy/nerdy/ugly people.
If I have to watch Canada lose in a shootout I'm gonna lose it
you da real mvp!
As well as this, tell others about your classes AND schedule. Your Fe might be weak but it still makes you do stuff.
Games like this are just demoralizing for our players.
Because deep down you know that you really don’t know what you’re talking about. Be grateful someone told you.
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!
Don't read, it just gets worse! 
Hi Tired, I'm Dad. And I'm very disappointed in you for following your older brother's example and becoming a trap that poses for /b/
It's good, good, good, good - good good good!
Lol I know, right? It's unsettling how bloodthirsty some people are. 
He does look much better
No, just a bastard pastry
Love the laugh at the end
Twice in that article he implies these minority communities aren't ordinary [NAME]. It's disgusting.
Thank you. It's great that I can come here and have lovely people like you help me to not feel so alone.
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.
kid still sad after eating food, because it WASN'T A HAPPY MEAL.
Yep exactly, and he never demands the ball as well. He's afraid of it.
Ah well hopefully they learn from this. You can never be overprepared for a live show.
Such a *great* feeling
the excitement when they all first come in always makes me happy
These subtitles are stupid & unnecessary.
That's an unusual idea, I must try it out! Thank you!
Having that thought kind of makes you an asshole
Then there you have it. From everything I have seen thus far, this game is doomed. I hate saying that.
Happy Cake Day! I, too, have been a victim of cake.
I wish. Chalk it up to a brain fart
"He looks great in ""Ideal Home""."
I’m gay, so let’s hope this works! I look better clean shaven lmao. Thanks! 
I TOOK TOO MUCH OF A RISK IM SORRY
Shes stunning haha
Sorry. This thing knows whats up!
Maybe 10-12 years ago lol
I'm not counting on them getting elected. I'm counting on them putting enough pressure on the Conservatives to actually become at least a little conservative.
I used to work with a guy that was always whining how tough his life was. My family this, my friends that. Very annoying
That’s what I meant, sorry bout that. Never fold AKs pre 
I could not agree more. Actually, last week I played in my first smash bros tournament! (I lost, obviously) 
This is pretty worrying and makes me wonder why she can’t. That’s not normal.
THANK YOU!!
“Love” under threat of execution. Wow.
How can you look at that. it hurts.
I’M HOT ALL THE TIME :( pre-pregnancy I was cold a lot. This is worse.
That comment reads like something out of a circlejerk sub. I can't believe it was said unironically
It’s tough to adjust when counter-battery is incoming. They’re just hoping for that one-round FFE.
Thanks my boet
It is the truth lol
Love situations like this...excited to see if he'll make it by tomorrow
You seem slightly sensitive... I was actually thinking we had been infiltrated by the normies
Right, I never said it wasn't. There's been a lot of unjust laws. I was just curious if you actually agreed with that.
so obnoxious.
Lol nicely done
I’m sure losing obj will help [NAME] get out of his slump, or help develop whichever rookie qb they bring in. 
You don't suck, jazz is amazing man. Thanks for a album to listen.
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly) 
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls
Now I remember, you're an OC student. This sub tells me you're brilliant...
Well good...opera is often beautiful..though it retains the stink of the upper classes.. I cant help but deride art that caters to high society to stay alive.
Does nobody notice that this is a doctored photo..?? Like really bad clone stamp.. I mean it could be beautiful but this is not a real photo.
This idiot can't be bothered to comprehend anything that reads longer than a bumper sticker.
How’d you get out there? I miss the west. Love NYC tho
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all
Alright, thanks for that tip! <3
Haven’t watched much of his other stuff but I loved his debunking of [NAME].
Well I was balding at 22 so I didn't have choice lol
It's a prime-time soap. I feel so guilty.
Been their. We got into a huge argument and that caused our first break up. Video games...
Dragopolis was a less fun version of the free dinosaur game on Chrome when your internet goes out
Yes, you just push. I've been having periods for 29 years (bloody hell) and I've never managed to get to grips with applicators.
"""Highline poles""; I'll keep those in mind. Thanks. "
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.
I worry that as soon as VR and AR take off, it'll be the nail in the coffin and we will be trapped.
It’s a pretty good guess for most college students in the south in my experience.
I feel so sorry for [NAME]..
Yea I saw that...had me worried for a sec but I had no trouble at Delta
*right, [NAME]. thank you for clarifying.
Very excited for what could come from his presidency, very much not excited for the primaries.
Oh, doi. Makes total sense now. Boy I really hope I get fired for this blunder.
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes
I literally do not like this
Intresting. Well I sure did learn something today! Cheers!
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.
BURN IT DOWN
Grandma is bad at math
Well shit, then it's just like [NAME] wouldn't let me complete a maths degree just because I'm ideologically opposed to this 'algebra' thing!
Folks, the Baconator is great! Ask anyone, it's the best sandwich. The bacon is amazing. Great sandwich.
Too busy being on that stupid ass mystery singer show
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem
Nice watches, Id love to get one if they were a bit closer to my price range
:( bastards
Be honest with her... or put her on a pedestal just high enough to see up her dress... ;)
Breaking bad all over again
I'm sorry. Now my entire bad pun looks even worse than it did when I started.
Get off my property
Acne scars unfortunately and also out of anxiety I tend to pick at my skin.
This guy is a hack lmao
That's beyond fucking creepy!
Same, also no parking so they need to pull in the busy road outside my house. They must hate me.
And please do not dab unless you are at bingo.
Despite what you may feel about me, I’m happy you got that off your chest, I hope you feel better!
You’re a vile vile person and a rapist. I hope the police are onto you.
I meant mainsource [NAME]. the one that assists you on your journey. >! not the one that is evil as fuck!<
Had me worried for a bit. As a [NAME], I’ve always been impressed with [NAME] love of their country ( great anthem too).
Bless his heart
Off the top of my head I don't think he lost a game for Queensland in that time either.
i agree that far right are not our friends bur this seems fake af
>ultra-conservatives Um excuse me, I'm actually a Plus Ultra Conservative, thanks!
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.
Sorry, I mean that closing the carried interest loophole would raise $18 billion over ten years according to the NY Times. I mistyped.
I didn't say remain was left wing. I said the E.U acts as a buffer against the most insane and cruel Tory policies.
Whiskey isn't going to help. She should pray to [NAME] that another man comes and brings purpose to her life.
No, [NAME] has said more than once it was not. 
We don't lmao. Anything with humans will have the same problems.
My dad had the same problem in the same fingers thanks Op .I'll share this with my dad.
Have a wonderful day.
This is why I have no sympathy for parents who can't make time for their kids because of their jobs.
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit
lol not bullying. Just a socially aware nerd complaining about how annoying most of my people are. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
[NAME], give us the opera album we deserve
It was fucking in!!
I see. Thanks again.
muh racist history! its all gone! no one will ever know about my slavery and being a traitorous vermin! help meh!
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch
Absolutely true. Sit down to pee at home, the splashback is real. Especially if you're tall. 
And I dub thee [NAME]. An uninteresting name for an uninteresting person who has done absolutely nothing with their life.
Oh [NAME] I needed that laugh
That was the best time to be Black in LA
Fuck ya boys let’s go
[NAME] is such a wholesome woman. The world needs more people like her.
Lol what do you mean ☺️☺️☺️
I don't know about you but parroting racist lies created specifically to devalue AM sexuality is a pretty serious indicator of racism to me.
Wow! That takes guts! I’m so squeamish that I can hardly stand getting a shot 😂
nearly choked on my chicken breast
Truly incredible work ;)
I don't, I think this is great. The more they disbelieve media, the more it hurts them.
That would be fantastic!!
[NAME] office just denied it
Damn that sucks dude! Personally I’d fill the soil with barbed wire so when they stick their hands in they’d get nice and cut up
"Ok maybe I misunderstood your argument, so your just sayin that state's still have significant ""autonomous"" power? Because I agree with that."
You're in the best place in Canada for outdoor activities.
Good luck my dude, took me three OD's before I realized I should probably stop.
> Is it weird to have more sympathy for animals than humans? It's frighteningly common, so not *weird*, but it's definitely sad
It may get you pregnant so just make sure you eat all her birth control before hand.
She'll ask them a question, interrupt them to say that something else is coming up and then talk about something irrelevant. She is all over the place.
Who will rid me of these meddlesome Golden Knights?
It's fucking incredible how many people would like you if you would just make eye contact and smile at them. Fucking incredible
Sorry for your loss; this story is heartwarming.
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.
I don't know about the rain but my friend suggested that it could look a tiny bit like Malachor.
No mate. Don't keep in touch with any of them anymore.
Yeah no haha. Out of my price range tbh
"[NAME] hears bible verses and is like ""fuck this shit"""
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly
That's great, keep fighting the good fight!
Probably clipped wings too, judging by the way it went down. Idiots.
The first article on their is talking about the [NAME] documentary...? E - there*. What the hell is my phone doing
"""Think of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that."" - [NAME]"
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.
And I'm sure grandmas in SC love the stereotype of the violent black man.
Appreciate the love! Maybe during the offseason, for sure! I'll pass it along
In my mind. I forgot everything :(
Hahaha I KNEW y'all were gonna post this
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.
IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT MAMA
Of course not. Why admit their circle jerk was wrong? They'll only learn the lesson after the lawsuit ends.
And any form of bottom up government is also extremely susceptible to corruption. Basically, humans suck. 
Fuck shit bitch
Or at the very least, why can't healers have HAMMERS!? (... I miss Legion :(]
Dressing room back bone is not somebody who always blames others for his mistakes on the pitch.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
I wanted to see him show out over Kemba.
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback
That’s an interesting point, thank you.
Thanks love <3
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.
we will see I hope your right. all we can do is play our best.
It also would have to take less than like 2 hours for me to get to my destination, time is worth more to me than real money ya know
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.
> It’d make porn ~~awkward~~ awesome FTFY
I like it
I would think that would be pretty awkward having phone sex with a stranger
Thats weak as fuck.
Now it makes sense.
I think that’s accurate. The probably I think means maybe will get a set
This made me chuckle. I hope it is raptors v warriors in the finals. That’s gonna be a fun series to watch.
Come on, this would be funny with a better caption.
Osaka making me nervous
That sounds like an amazing trick.
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected
lol that’s what I was gonna say.
I hate losing to the Blackhawks like I love my wife: Intensely.
Hahahahaha. That's hilarious. Oops! Thanks for pointing out my typo. I think I'll leave it.
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.
Ok, I will take this with a pinch of salt, but take it into consideration nonetheless. Thanks.
Same here, she left the house we bought and is giving me till the end of the month. Woooo
In case anyone is wondering.. the money was a 20$ tip. Edit: 200$. I’ve been corrected.
Why can't I get Hulu in Canada yet!! So annoying
Damn that’s a big F from me :(
I disagree. Every starting receiver [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] will have over 1k yards on the season while [NAME] cracks 2k. 
Oh damn I'm a clemson student I swore I had a flair on here
Plot twist, she's accepted [NAME] as her Lord and Savior.
It’s simpler to prove that something exists than to prove that something has always existed, Occam is on my side lol
Ehh, still pretty ambitious lobs for [NAME] though. I'd get it if it was [NAME]. 
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭
This is perfect
The foul, smelly dump I just took > fallout 76
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents
I saw it on the internet, so it must be true!
I’m sorry. If it was me- go straight to divorce and file. Why prolong the pain and abuse.
nsfw pls, thanks nice work doe
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.
Welcome to the new normal.
Oh my gosh 😂. I do believe it!!
I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. <3 Thank you.
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.
Damn.. fell for that one
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!
Love it.
I'm sorry, there is no way this guy is Canadian.
Thank you for sharing this. May your friend rest easy and you find peace.
"I live in australia and even aussies say ""cook the man some eggs"" as a joke to kiwis"
Lighten up buddy.
I really appreciate you saying that And yes he is the cutest
This is actually funny
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!
Great idea to brag about workplace violation on Facebook!
Can we get a guard too? This is my dream.
No. Can’t get off to my own sex.
> This isn't where I parked my car Seriously I can't find my car.
Oh great so now i need a tv license or to watch in potato. This is piss poor.
as long as the tracking shows delivered, it's not your responsibility what happens to it after that
Sounds awesome, but I am so out of practice I'd be embarrassed to show up lol.
Damn... That means a lot. Thank you!
Thanks friend, you have a good day! ([NAME] is fab btw just not quite [NAME] or [NAME] for me!)
I always get concerned when I see Nono standing at the stove or being instructed to pick Milania up from demon spawn practice.
Currently [NAME], I just finished watching season 1 and I really like her. Bendelacreme is my all time favorite tho
I keep getting my posts removed and banned from that sub. 😒
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. 
The irony of you guys using an American website created because of capitalism is funny
And NO DOGS sign. This is perfect.
Sad and very true though. Case in point.
"They could have checkmated the ""journalists"" and avoided this situation by saying they decided to switch to only pay for quality journalistic work."
The new beserker face ruined him for me. Made him another old, wrinkly hobo.
Hard to expect much when he has not been involved in the offense for most of the season.
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔
I earned the money, I bought the food and I cooked the food so don't go thanking your phoney baloney god for it in my home.
Unfortunately on my end, it’s only pecks during sex. Pretty boring. Never open mouthed or anything like that. 
Ha! Had to go back and look. Pens.... I was seriously wondering wtf this was, a giant penis-shaped gummy bear?!
radical would be good. Poverty has to be erased before society is allowed to maximize individual wealth as it is doing now.
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.
“Your” people are mentally ill and need help. Go get it ASAP!
[NAME] damn you're toxic asf
Oh yeah, those are both totally valid criticisms. It's just that they lose me when they call him a serial predator
I was always in awe of just how stunning she was. She doesn't photograph well though, it's a shame. 
thats cool to hear ... [NAME] really is laughable in this regard
Thanks for calling me an idiot... was definitely necessary.
Too ugly for love/romance/sex/dating
What an abusive piece of crap. Those poor boys won’t know how to be adults. I hope their father is in their lives.
oh, that's cool! Well, i'll say that the budget for this one definitely shows!
Franz Ferdinand are awful too
Every instagram page posts this lol
That’s awesome, wonder if it’s available to buy on eBay. 
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.
No... There are many ways to prove you are [NAME]. I've heard of people that proved they are [NAME] by showing that their mother speaks Yidish.
thank you so much <3
Thank you for that link, ended up finally having a nice quote to make as a flair
Sure, rape isn't caused by poverty. You can compare poor whites vs poor hispanics too. 
There are levels of survival we are prepared to accept.
Just shut up dude
> appreciation and celebrations From the sidebar: > For **anything** about the YouTube gaming channel Game Grumps
That's awesome!! Look forward to watching this kids progress in year 2
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((
One day I just want to show up to my parents’ with a Starbucks cup or maybe some Taco Bell on a Sunday.
Yep! It's still busy. Slightly less crowded but still fun!
Yay I feel so uplifted!!!
That is a valid question, I hope it can change, but admittedly that hope is pretty small.
I wish I was there lol
"*""Wow""*"
The real problem is the malicious prosecution engaged in by Monsanto against small farmers.
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore
This is just a terrible joke
This is the game that finally lost my faith.
That's a very smart move. Anyway, congrats gamer girl, this is epic!
>You can't purge dissenting opinions over there like you do here. Yes, because top minds definitely doesn't purge dissenting opinions. 
Haha so give it a try is what you are saying 😂😂
i love this video
[NAME] 👩👩👩 this Is for real, this makeup 💄 💄💋 makes you glow 🌟✨ no 🚫🚫🚫🚫 filters needed 💯💯💯💯💯
Some of us can't do syrup any more. :(
this team is hard to watch, things that can so easily be fixed to make us great that are just persistent fuck ups and we refuse to fix them
Is that supposed to be outrageous? Assuming he met the requirements and earned them all, good on the guy for planning for his future.
that day humanity received a grim reminder
Excited for you guys to be there see you there [NAME]!
Of course that's possible but you need to provide some proof.
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.
Well you came to the right place
You sound jealous as fuck. Work hard and you too can drive a nice car.
Yup, he's still one of the strongest turtles in the game though. Eventually you're gonna have to attack.
Yup! Lol
Reminds me of my favorite [NAME] post
I’m embarrassed how long it took for me to figure this out. 🤦🏼‍♀️
The joke doesn't even have anything to do with the song.
This is perfect!
Where are my testicles, [NAME]? Edit: thanks for the silver!
Is it cruel to give your kids medicine when they don’t know what it is and why, if they need it?
Its not exactly what I thought it was gonna be either, but its okay, there's a lot of food.
Just like how one day a magic unicorn might appear and prove us all wrong about them not existing.
 I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟
Ah damn it.
You are forgetting driving. Somehow the law is full of examples of this double standard.
Are your boys really doing the hand clap meme? Holy crap is this cringey.
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe
It's a shame that so many experimental psychology studies are still using such dubious statistical practices.
I apologised an very long time ago as I was wrong at this point you are beating a dead horse
He's an altogether better grappler IMO, and so much fun.
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.
I am just afraid the Pistons front office, specifically [NAME] overvalues [NAME] and says no to this.
Have to agree. The government welfare and biased divorce courts which are enforced by the state are to blame.
Sorry I meant the participants
Haha, this is awesome, this sub is usually full of terrible stories, it's great to hear a nice one once in a while.
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.
Yes [NAME] are authoritarian. That’s why they’re always the ones advocating for bigger government and more government control over everything.
Says one of the two people who keeps on responding to each comment with a very poorly argued position lacking both in research and in common sense.
Nope. Love them. What do you find gross?
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.
Totally fair. All I was trying to remind everyone is don't fall in love with your crushes.
And the super rich are still miserable
That fellow sure is one hell of a sweet talker!
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.
I would pay good money to watch [NAME] vs Dr. Now!!!
its like waze but for people in debt
I like it that way :) My point is that you’re an attention seeker like [NAME]
It's a shame that anyone has to deal with that sort of feeling. I'm sorry that you had a similar experience. No one deserves that.
[NAME] already had that in their comment and I didn't deny it. I guess that level of attention to detail isn't taught at Bellevue Community College.
hmm today i will listen to death and destruction
"The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of ""getting fooled"" by getting the car inspected by an independent."
Haha epic gamer moment
Am I wrong? So many people from NY say it's really gone downhill. Doesn't mean I don't like public transportation
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders
The father clearly ran away lol
Hey bud, I’d honestly try to complain a little less and I promise you’ll slowly become a happier person
That’s not the period it’s referring to
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back
[NAME], buy me dinner before you go to poundtown on us.
Definitely not Mom’s favorite.
Avoid Blount St and Martin Luthur King or risk death. I’m not kidding.
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.
you almost blew my fucking mind there.
I'm glad we have a place we can come to when we have doubts. Thank you so much.
That actually looks so fire
That must have bean awesome to find those
Thank you. I'll definately be sure to pick up that book sometime.
Haha, thanks, bot! How's your day going? ❤️🌈🚀
My heart is breaking for that little girl.
[NAME] would love [NAME]. [NAME] would hate [NAME].
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!
I don’t think so honestly. He’s said I’m cute before last night. It wasn’t the first time.
Shut the fuck up, loser.
That's how I used to feel but contracting oneitis added a heaping shitpile of loneliness and agony on top
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol
That was great, especially as your first video.
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.
[NAME] is my least favorite on the station.
Congrats on becoming the owner of this cat! What a beautiful meow.
Source each of these and trend lines from previous years please. No, listing a few agencies and telling people to Google 8t isn't a source. 
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.
Police can amend docs, they can’t change them. Even if it’s a name
the pharma part killed me
It won't be. Just a rumor.
Honestly, Queen kinda sucks. Obvious they were ripping off My Chemical Romance.
oh, ive seen that, ugh breeders have such weird and confusing minds
All I see is a missed opportunity to pet a wolf tummy.
No. That’s an actually pot plant. You have to do some extra work to keep it blooming each year.
It involves a relationship with a girl so I need a girls input, sorry I’m not sexist or anything.
"You offered her the wrong ""services"" /s (obviously I hope)"
Good for him, most guys are like [NAME] and would take her back in an instant.
[NAME] can still betabuxx and have an easier life than you will if you have to be alone and support yourself with no help.
You didn't say they were racist channels
Those vast differences don't get noticed by the public.
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.
I've been twice and both locations had a serious bee problem.
Ah, i misunderstood what he was going for, sorry my bad
Agreed. Reverse the story so that a girl makes her boyfriend shit his pants before going out and suddenly it's funny.
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT
Sodaman going sicko mode
I might be having carrot cake tonight!!! I love it! And that coffee sounds like the perfect pair! Enjoy it
Oh look, it's wr2! *proceeds to get fucked*
this actually made me LOL, thanks
Apparently young children have to figure out breathing through their mouth. I forget at what age that typically occurs, but yeah...
i see it in a different way, but i understand why you see it like that
Now I'm worried that cat will get salmonella :(
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]
You shouldn't have been leaving anyway, witch. Go write a funding bill. You know... do your job.
Thank you for your concern, fellow conservative
Yeah I laughed when I remembered it. Random.
But if [NAME] wins... well, things might change.
“I don’t need no more sisters, I got enough last year” *cut to shocked mid drag faces in the werk room*
This sent shivers down my spine
Just wondering how they did it visually with all the fireworks going on
I feel with him...
Well, don't kill spiders. That's what you get. Be nice and take them outside. It's not that hard.
> I hate how much I care. My feelings exactly.
Thank you this is really inspirational
Huh. That’s kind of crazy.
So upset by the email lady after all these years. Get help.
From where I was it looked like the plane banked right past the 505 on its second pass through downtown. Crazy.
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)
Thanks for the detailed reply friend, much appreciated. I’m a history buff and love learning about these things.
The QB said they loved it
I like how you have the word idiot in your name. You are sure living up to it
Love the use of ginormous ... so true
She's just going to suck you back in.
The best for a reason.
Nope, nope, nope and HELL NOPE! 
"[NAME] is a 6'5"" [NAME] that can't rebound or defend."
No, I’m saying that “not getting an abortion” is the default option, and takes less deliberate effort than getting an abortion.
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL! 
You forgot our dear friends from Paris
awkward edit - aww are you a rangers fan, damnit
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy... 
A fuckin men
Reality is often disappointing
Reddit hates women.
" ""If you don't wear BROWN AND ORANGE...YOU DON'T MATTER!"" We need a tshirt with that on it asap! "
Stop whatever you think is pushing you away. You are the one in control not [NAME].
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink 
Ah yes that makes sense - the gofundme for her and the workers seems to be taking off at least (if it’s legit)
god i love [NAME]
I did, I did!!!! Now I feel special 
That’s sex discrimination. The male class has their own bathrooms but the female does not.
oh right that was a huge leap my bad
Lmao I listen to stuff that doesn't fit in any of these categories Oh, and grandson
Nothing but net. He got a few phone numbers then ghosted lol.
Because he's in dirt, and probably didn't have much practice 
I know this might be an unpopular opinion from reading this post but I have a gut feeling that [NAME] and [NAME] would pair up really well together.
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression.
As I understand it, the director? left so at least if they do reboot it it’ll be in more competent hands lol
[NAME] !!!
High five to that shit. We have 2 littles.....we are also exhausted lol
We can only hope that they will appreciate our sacrifices once they get older!
I was petrified...
thanks you too
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.
I mean the whole discussion is about sales soooo...
Explaining the whole thing i wouldnt have the heart to physically or mebtally hurt a person such as raping someone
Okay thanks for the advice!
One of the comments on that video: “Cat: I’ve waited far too long.” Hahaha
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.
It's not collapsing
What is this an excerpt from? [NAME] was a treasure. I should read more of his stuff.
What a tool!
Thank you good sir! I didn’t know this was a thing!
thanks! yours inspired my to post mine lol
Ahhhhhhh. The fine talent and craftsmanship of CNN
"I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the ""I was sitting down"" Man, getting old sucks"
I wouldnt necessarily call you and addict but you definetly have unhealthy relationship with MDMA.
Worst ending ever! I won't spoil it but this one sucked worse than the avengers last movie!
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.
Oh man, you got me there with the image
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying
Any man who won’t fight for his kids isn’t worth your time.
Going from [NAME] to [NAME] on the PP is like going from tenderloin to convenience store hotdogs
Says who? Comedians can joke about anything as long as it's funny to their audience.
That’s ridiculous. I’ll read it, thanks.
I didn't read that but so what?
Your company sucks.
[NAME] still looks fresh for 40 years old.
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.
It is so good to hear from you. Stay safe!
Thanks! Sometimes you need an article in order to shake some sense into someone.
Despite how selfish that seems, I respect the honesty. 
[NAME] saved by the very compassion in society that he is trying to destroy.
Scary times we live in.
Our experience was much the same. We might go back for a 2nd chance, but doubtful. The brewery next door was great.
Tbh I've never found the porn ads arousing, I've usually found them annoying, stupid, really clickbaity, or hilariously cheesy
I think it should be a felony. Kind of crazy that illegally entering a country is such a minimal offense.
My man!! You go. That's brilliant. Brightened my day.
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now
One of the gayest shirts I have ever seen...
He looks like [NAME] soooo... accurate.
Sorry to burst your bubble but [NAME] is more popular than [NAME]
lmao yes, my reasoned, supported response to your unfounded criticism is most certainly an example of one of the points the hack artist tried to assert
Bingo! I would not/could not be in a relationship with someone who denies their child a parent by choice.
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).
Crowder is terrible... How do you lose that gunfight or not have the common sense to just run away
Troo, troo....worse eban dan eat pizza wif aht a ferk. 
Happy Cake Day [NAME]! Enjoy this slice on me 🍰
Yep! And the buns seemed so much fresher then. Last time I went, years ago, it was terribly disappointing.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make getting there a hell of a lot easier.
There would be a lot of sexual tension in faze...
wow just shows how confused **I** was Ftfy Pretty fucking clear as day what was going on here lol I honestly don't know what to tell you
Sorry if this is ignorant but is that a wig?
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.
Fun game. Good expansion too
Haha, only one species. More the Cockatoos
Sorry I was being facetious
Enthusiasm is not helpful, got it. Edit: lol what a bunch of snowflakes.
Hence what I said, it is just as illegal yesterday as it is today ... literally nothing changed 
it is dangerous to date men - read the news - women get killed by male partners and ex partners very frequently. Women are amazingly brave.
Some people have thin skin and are unequipped with dealing with backlash.
but that’s exactly my point lol you get better at those things, the scary factor affecting skill learning becomes smaller and smaller
Real nice, swearing up a storm right in front of your kids.
i wish it was 2 hours :(
Sorry that's a mistype. I mean equally irresponsible
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.
And then attacking you as a person when you say you'd prefer not to be stalked and murdered. Sorry but your friend is a problem.
I remember your story. Like you, I'm not as active. And also like you, I try and come back and give folks here hope.
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.
Astonishing. I've read about these people but have never met one. I am so relieved for you that she is out of your life.
you are pathetic.
Well Played
The Coming Home Network. And [NAME] is a convert who has really good books.
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?
You have my support.
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!
We're not roasting you. That's not how it works here. Go get help and feel better then come back for proper roasting.
How many wins do you got like 200 lol
I didn't mean the entire show is shit. I meant that season 4 was a shitshow.
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet
ah yes because that is exactly what has happened in mainstream politics.
You look Beautiful! Curls are wonderful!
Does anybody ever tell you guys that you're doing a good job? Because they should. You're doing a good job.
If he doesn’t respond, then you’re too good for him
What can you expect from guys who think everything based on sex and romance is solely based on a person’s looks and not at all their personality?
weird how they feel the need to announce themselves
A shame our driver education programs in the U.S. are pretty much a joke as compared to those in Germany.
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.
Ive just given up. Learning to become selfish.
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.
I remember thinking how smart I was then. /s
Fuck why didn’t I think of that
he ignored a question I asked him as well he is not big into responding.
That’d be amazing
Explaines Why I’m on the lookout for cats when I’m anxious! Thanks
> I really hope QCX addresses that last point. Who knows [NAME] could've fled with the money or something. What the hell dude. lol
Your title is unnecessarily harsh towards the user. Re-submit with a better title.
Are you really Belgian cause I love it
Like women don’t have enough things to be judged on, now everyone is talking about our eyebrows..this is the most ridiculous trend to me. 
Japan uses anime for it all, but it does often prefix it with something like kaigai. (outside of the country).
EO here. This is correct. It's folk theology, popular with some, but is certainly not dogma.
See this is why they should merge r/forhonor and r/forhonormemes cause clearly it makes no difference what subreddit it’s on
We need more people like you. We need a batman who specifically harasses fat people.
If your team has no healer I really hope u get the heal talent
Funny how it do
Absolutely insane documentary. I actually thought it was a parody at one point but it’s all real.
You suck at trolling. It's way too obvious.
of course not, [NAME] and [NAME] were great friends and anyway, he's been dead since 2016.
"Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! ""Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."" End of conversation."
Same thing with Urgot mid. It looks absolutely trash even in LCK.
I agree with the last part. Stop getting stopgaps and sign [NAME]...
I'm glad you're doing a bit better. Sorry about your grandma. Good luck.
I've never been more disturbed by a dog
I wish this was animated.
Fourth guy had nice hair though tbh
Very good! Now run along little boy. Shew! Fft!
At least the crazy lady didn't hunt ya down mate!
Cursed image.
I don't really want to do anything.
Because its the internet and people are bored. Its not kids, its full grown adults and you know it. Unbunch your panties.
Nailed it !
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.
Nice job continuing to ignore the fact she lost her home and her father at the peak of the 2008 housing crisis you obtuse prick
Same. Wasn't good enough. Left broken. Edit: more broken
Ah, I remember the first time I got scope bite, we all had a good laugh and I got glass in my eye
Yeah I don't mind the odd hunter or a daddy long legs but fuck those red backs. And whitetails Those cunts are vicious as all hell
2 2nd rounders but not a first or a future first. He’s not worth the risk
Yep, the presidency isn’t at all related to the 22nd amendment. Be gone, chud.
[NAME] damn it
Because it was funny and people liked it. They otherwise do a pretty job of preventing memery
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.
I love you too, no homo.
Well unless you have an audio recording, people are gonna struggle to diagnose it for you any further I’m sorry. 
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today
Me too! First time in a couple of years!
Dammit, [NAME]! You're only hurting hardworking doggos with this shutdown!
For real though, I do apologize. That's a bad run of luck for sure, it's such a rare syndrome 
So fucking awesome. Cheers from Brazil.
Considering that was a very early episode of SU, making tall trans women feel good is awesome :D
trashy comment.
I pray this changes.
just noticed, lol. damn pervert foreigners.
That looks righteous!!
😀ahhh I see what you did there, clever.
Cool have fun
I can see the rippled sandy bottom, the shark is clearly visible, the surface is near. I feel ok 😁
What a legend. True spidey meme master
A fatass? Look at him. You think he cares about his appearance? He’s likely talking about alcohol anyway.
OH NO! LOL That'll teach ya, kid. 
I’d buy a cheap version of it.
So do I. But you can't just blame it all on the dude.
Hell yea brother, Charlotsvile car attacker did nothing wrong Lets see how quick they scream hate speech
I’m uncomfortable just looking at her.
That’s cool. I didn’t know they had cameras like that. Thank you for sharing :)
BANG motherfucker!
use this to make you aim better than my bad aim :)
There’s no way this gets signed, right? Is it just lip service?
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.
Her performance was absolutely awful in the Elseworlds crossover. So much so that every time she was on screen it made me cringe.
No, he's told me on multiple occasions he hates anime
Thank you so much. ♥️ that means a lot.
Ugh. Sounds awful. I’m sorry :(
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.
That's bad
This is giving me so much life.
[NAME] learned to fight smarter, not harder. I love her development so much
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!
Ah. Yea, the classic loner looking for compliments. Seems pretty edgy
Get out asap.
Hope you will beat this crap and achieve your full potential man. Best of luck for you :)
Yeah, but nobody takes McD's hamburgers seriously. 
Oh I see...I keep trying to do the move everytime they're down. Thanks for the clarification.
They look incredibly legal, organized, and accurate, just like yours! 
Downvote me into oblivion but both [NAME] and [NAME] shot around 35%. However one they say he balled out and the other one was struggling.
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*
If only I could bake a cake...or do anything productive when I'm feeling low confidence. I just lay in my bed and stop moving.
"& when you call them on their shit they ban you from their subreddit for ""oppressing people"""
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...
Plz add ye and ksg. Thanks, ye
thank you! he’s a boob and his wife is a fool...
A work on yourself to change these issues. Or live a life without close connections. At the end of the day its depends on which you want.
> If you have a point - make it. I did, I'm sorry you missed it.
Thank you so much! This summarizes a lot!
Thanks Mate. [NAME] is awesome
Im more impressed with the non-toxic team work! Good job!
Spoken like proud slaughter-bound crotch fruit!
I just don’t like him 😂
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.
I really wish I could do that. The furniture is all made from my grandfather so I don't want to get rid of it. :(
No I didn't take it that way. My apologies if my comment appeared to be taking a shot at you.
Im sorry dude. Drumming Octopuss.
Even the worst pyramid scheme pays out something.
Obviously, it was a humorous comment. But I'm pretty sure I can guess what you voted :P
Thanks! I love watching him every week
I love the burn
What the hell- they're paying for cars they don't and won't ever own?!
Yeah that's funny. Girl who didn't like that is probably some [NAME] wannabe thot.
Then getafe should have gotten their first goal. Ref is really bad.
Can't fire everyone if everyone is on strike.
Thanks for that..
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.
Damn! I hadn’t heard about the eBay stuff.
Sorry man. Didn't realize I was talking to a Russian spam bot. Please give my best to [NAME].
You really should not group people with ones you have had bad experiences it will not help you grow
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea
I love the immediate cut from the gladiator dying to the defeat screen. Makes it funnier
Well you’ll have a lot more fun for these matchups. Can’t say much for the rest of the season
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(
Damn, I'd better avoid you then. I don't wanna die.
I low-key love his YT channel, he's genuinely an interesting and good person
You are too nice. That guys angry he loses to wardens all the time.
That has nothing whatsoever to do with what I was talking about.
He, like [NAME] and [NAME], are better in the latter halves of seasons. Let's see if he can do some damage.
I can understand political acrimony but the death of humor is really disappointing. Very sad indeed.
When ever I’m feeling depressed or alone, I’ll just image you and think “it could be worse”.
Damn sorry to hear bro. You guys still friends though?
Hope she can do twice a week, that ought to be persuasive.
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.
Until you provide a valid source nobody cares what your theory is. So it's downvoted.
Interesting that these two have made such a splash. I might check into this season if it's worth watching.
It literally never occurred to me that there would be a sub for USAJOBS. Thank you so much
Welcome <3
Ding Ding Ding, exactly where I called BS
hi [NAME], toxicity in a multiplayer game is something that should always be expected no matter the game cause people are assholes.
It was the worst cinemax porn I've ever seen.
That was glorious.
Yea I'm poor :(
I’m gonna need a couple more checks before I trade down for a retarded kid.
I merely suggested he see a doctor based on some weird symptoms he is having that cause him to not be able to interact with others very well.
I’m to scared to tell them :(
This seemed so out of character but I was like cool. Weird.
Holy shit that was fucking bad...
>Yes, I know that you like to talk about yourself a lot :P I do use a lot of words. It's actually embarrassing. 
You’re the one who is stupid
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.
although he is best girl, he can never love :( he litterally doesn't have a heart
....that's *naiveté*, break the cycle... ## DONT BE NEGATIVE 3.0
I think you may just be an asshole/moron bud... sorry.
I’m sorry this happened to you. I’m glad you got out of it.
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.
that's hysterical. two legitimate babes.
There is going to be an adjustment period at first for sure, but [NAME] would definitely help our defense.
Never listen to songs with someone you love. Just don't. Trust me.
Locking a bunch in a kids in a room with their pedophile priest is fun af? You need help.
I'm not sure what you are implying, but it seems very rude.
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary
Nice ovation when he first checked in and after the tribute video. Also made some noise when he hit a 3 late.
People are still playing bf1?Wow thats nice,I should play some games until more content drops for bf5.
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.
Raw, unfiltered athleticism...whoops wrong player *puts down [NAME] player card* A real hard worker...could date the coach's daughter
[NAME] has to use a gun to defend himself after multiple robberies and an attempted rape...
Then your education must have been pretty poor lol
Sounds racist, fetishistic, sexist, and objectifying.
Fuuuck, brutal
i feel like this isn't being talked about enough.
Thankkks and np
one dude puked on my patio, he fell out at 2am! weak!
He is a moron.
I used to have anxiety when calling people but I no longer have them at least just 20-30% anxiety.
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!
Gamers know all too well how it feels to be oppressed by society.
This guy has the charisma and sex appeal of overcooked noodles.
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying
San Junipero. What if old ladies could fuck, using the Matrix!?
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers
You look like [NAME] from firefly :)
You don't get it man
How can they expect you to write if you can't read? /s
The menzingers are sick, good luck out there bud
Ugh this moment really had me crying lol just hearing him remember all the good I was like WHY
I don't think fantasy draft has been a thing for a few years in career mode.
I appreciate your honesty.
Lol. Build your own or make some tweaks to the printer.
Dude, it made *me* reflect a little. Side note, what a wonderful username.
The people you know have silly opinions. Its their best album since black holes.
That’s not true. She represents those who voted her into power.
Naah, [NAME] fans got depressed when [NAME] didn't die
Growing up there were people in our church who hated the Smurfs because they were magic using communists.
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.
[NAME] is bad & anyone who still supports him should feel bad for it.
Awesome and interesting response!
This has the makings of a great painting.
Are ya completely sure that's not from that Thursday last summer?
"I guess we didn't truly ""match"" but I saw the profile with the percentage of their calculated compatibility."
Nah man. This website smells like toast and makes my left arm hurt.
So glad my mom didn’t act this way when I was diagnosed.... oh, and my mom was smart and vaccinated me
Because people that comment on YouTube videos are toxic, filthy heathens.
"And lo, for he took to Facebook and quoth righteousness, and the people were joyful, and gave unto him many ""likes."""
I AM THE RED ONE THANK YOU
No the limiting factor is the leader raped a young boy and paid his silence
"I'm just gonna hit ""back"" now. See you guys."
Seeing [NAME] on Sunday and I'm so fucking stoked
Love it.
You can't buy a toe line.
Hi !! I totally get you. If you want to be friends I’m here !! :)
That's awesome, good for you! This sub needs wayyy more posts like this. 
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.
Thanks for the gold
I agree with this. I'm extremely happy with the hires, but I think the draft may be a bigger tell tale on how the off-season goes.
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about
Take a break then get back out there!
I guess a little research goes a long way. [NAME] is the last speaker with the 20 dollar example. Stay strong all!
Zionism is the ISIS of [RELIGION]. Brainwashed idiots like ISIS.
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part
Cali is getting rain this weekend so going to miss that
If I tried that I would lose badly, get laughed at, and be back at square one.
We need an irbe so bad right now. I hope [NAME] is that guy
I have but one upvote to give, otherwise you would get more.
"Little kids are the best because they're just like ""Wtf?!?!?"""""
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background
I'm worried he choked to death before he could finish the sentence.
You bet, sweetie ;) But I date girls so don't get too excited <3
I don't think you could actually find something that's *unambiguously* racist. That's just how dog whistles work.
Might do that, thank you!
*what the fuck*
was that hutty from [NAME]?? ahhh that makes me so happy. love those boys e: oh it was a rebound
I was really hoping Vikings would get a bear mask but this also looks sick! RIP all my steel
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense
They ate not hot, they are just annoyingly humid.
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.
No... that's literally our first rule.
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it
I love you more
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help
They wont investigate cause the damage isn't worth $1000+
I hate the message that's being pushed, and it's even worse that it's being pushed by this guy.
Just don't stop with the damn good cooking though please lol.
I want to give my peers money, so they can fight for my rights and privilges- see the bus pass discussion in this thread. 
Nah. Mine was wrapped around my neck and I am a gun loving medical student.
Ohhhhh man, too real. I spent way too many years with full on raccoon eyes and just accepting that's what makeup was.
He's not had a great season but Athletic in general has been a shitshow this season (and last) so no real surprise there.
That's not true! Some of them are probably into watersports.
"Its a mandatory requirement to be an accredited ""[NAME] da"""
The cutest.
*Googles what is the third leading cause of death* Google *updated*: Measles causes by stupid people not vaccinating their children
Well then his whole argument is a straw man itself, because nobody advocates abortions of fully formed babies
This is child abuse. No decent parent would force their kid to starve just because they don't understand science and nutrition
No it wouldn't you dumbass
Thank you. Posted this to Facebook!
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.
this aint it chief
I'm about 5 weeks of NC after a 1 yr relationship. It gets better. Occupy and work on yourself.
I feel personally attacked on this one. We're good people... : (
 anyone who hasn't seen this, it's unbelievably bad.
To be fair that would be a hella stiff drink.
your first mistake was trying to make something look presentable while serving it in a tupperware
Right? I'd launch myself at him. Beautiful looking guy. <3
Ah, victory 
If it’s weed I’m going to be disappointed. Can’t we all just go to the store and get it?
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.
Ugh I never thought I'd be someone that gets jealous about shoes, which ones did you get?
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine
This is why I love Reddit.
Props to this guy, that was an amazing comment. 
Cool. Thanks for the tips!
I'll try to stay patient.
"TTs have size limits. The group I was acquainted with had, ahem, ""leadership"" problems as well."
It's in my top 3 songs, with heard em say, and through the wire. Such great tracks
this is my new favorite phrasing. I've been calling it bingemas since about mid-December.
Nope. Not how things are done around here.
You honestly think a law did away with straw purchases? Stop lying.
I got so high someone from the future stopped me from getting high.
Im definitely gonna check the bushes around the burn where everyone throws their targets from now on. Im not over it i feel bad man.
[NAME] has become the best houseguest ever in 24 hours. We aren’t worthy
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!
Jokes about [NAME] hopefully being in MK11
Great hand eye coordination and speed. Reads the plays in the D zone very well.
i feel like [NAME] doesn't fit with the rest
Because nothing he says was remotely sexist? Sure it could have escalated but what he said was pretty tame.
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.
Thanks, that was a big help. This one had me scratching my head 
Considering my wife barely touches me, I think I could get this job. Wonder how much it pays. 
Don't do #4 it's bullshit
Your Beauty shines out of you, than you for this lovely post.
The Cavs didn’t even want [NAME]. They just wanted to fuck with us.
That makes perfect sense! Thank you for explaining in a way that doesn't try to make me feel stupid for not knowing the answer.
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!
LOL to your family
I know they finally gave Return of the King best Pic but my favorite out of the three was Two Towers. They are all great though.
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry
Awesome!! Also, I have those same markers!
Who is brainwashing people to believe it's all a social construct ? It's really frightening that it's become so mainstream.
He can do a balloon party with his brony friends
I kinda feel like you may be my auntie. Florida?
[NAME] investigation has already paid for itself thanks to Manafort. Try harder.
It had bad spelling but i understood it u grammqr nazi
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.
And once NYC is finally underwater, ALBANY SHALL RISE!!! MORE COAL FOR THE FIRE JETHRO, OUR DESTINY AWAITS!!!
Thank you.. Yeah if she just want to talk she is definitely wasting my time.
*Ugh..* You are 23 and not married - leave.
This argument makes zero sense. The same tax exclusions and exemptions that were around when the marginal rate was at 90 are not around today.
Haha I should probably clarify it was family owned and managed
I think some idiotic members are extremist, but for the most part they just hate mass unchecked immigration.
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon 
Awesome; two steps back then one forward; so many big devs these days.
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...
This should be interesting...
🙄 i hate these people.
I like your rant.
Good news: this is shark tale not finding Nemo
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!
Congrats! Vegan baking is still daunting to me but I will conquer it one day!
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(
I wish there was hope, but we are all bracing for hard brexit. My country is a laughing stock right now. 
Thanks a ton again, and honeslty haha im so ready to get out and have my own life for once
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit
I will be definitely doing this now. We have a meeting next week, so I will be sure to bring this up. Thanks!
But it'll hurt
[NAME] has an amazing track record. I think some people forget how innovative and unpredictable the [NAME] era offense was.
>not a cure-all. Since we don't have such a thing, is this not the next best option?
Nice to see a rare court case involving a meta-human.
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.
But really Vanilla Ice is scum RIP [NAME] and [NAME]
Agreed, my guy.
Look at it this way: it's the Millennium Falcon, everyone still loves it. It's part of it's charm.
Reddit culture is truly the worst.
Season 2 has been fantastic
good lookin out bro
No. That is creepy and weird. If you don’t trust her .... move on.
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!
"He may have, I was more worried about the ""running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""."
If [NAME] gets 350M+ from anyone we should be glad we didn't get him.
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. 
[NAME] looks queasy already I like where this is going
That guy is an actor. Forgot his name but he's in imdb, played small roles. 
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line
we are at !CURSED! levels of cursed
I made a post about a month ago saying [NAME] was trash and it got over 100 downvotes
I liked the edgy sexual attraction. It was intense and I was drunk on it.
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting
I didn’t know that. Gtk
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!
When I see [NAME] venerate icons it makes you wonder if they have OCD. /s The joke is that [NAME] cross themselves more than others in my experience.
I love [NAME] comedy. I hope she makes another show.
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers
The sad truth is that all the feelings you get are real and genuine in that moment
Wishing you all of the best friend !!!!
The more you wind me up the worse it gets for her later on
hope [NAME] is injured while allstar week yes im a spiteful ngga
Thats a meme? That feels more like depression
Minimum wage hurts small business more than it helps the poor.
I hope he loses just the end so it looks like a trimmed cigar
Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions, let's try to not resort to name calling no matter how much we disagree
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up
Bravo! It's hard saying you need help, and sometimes even harder accepting it. So proud of you momma!
I hate to say it but....... I quite like this as a format - the burger and fries look shocking though.
This can be taken horribly out of context
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize! 
Time consuming too, but buying a box that size outright is stupidly expensive—even if you order a bundle of 25 at a time.
so fucking beautiful. so subtle, but so necessary.
Now this is a Contrapoints video I want to see
I did this a couple years back. Daily binged on Simpsons. So Good.
lol [NAME] trying to attack someone with their back turned
It was. I accept that, and it taught me a valuable lesson.
You are the only real person i can look at soo noo
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.
Where? Sorry, the link doesn't seem to work!
Genuinely laughed really hard
I understand that there are exceptions but saying a knife is as dangerous as, or more dangerous than a gun is a little ridiculous.
Worse. They told us to mind our own business
Until we win an actual SuperBowl trophy I want all the positive karma.
A few years ago a lot of shows tried to do a “second screen experience”. It didn’t work and died a quiet death.
Wow! That's too real, it touched me! Nice work :D
Im glad [NAME] was there for us
I can't believe that we've seen this ep before and missed the poster. Wish I could upvote y more than once.
Good suggestion, he does a great job guarding [NAME] in their matchups
Maybe because [NAME] didn't actually made a joke, he just pretended to be stupid
That book would be the biggest flop, the characters and plot are really too outrageous to be believable.
Its to bad he doesn’t give Tomlin this treatment.
Alright, thanks. I appreciate you taking your time to explain that to me. 
That's cute
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.
[NAME] killed him and was only in for like 5 minutes...
Nice strawman. I can see now that you're not compensating for anything, lol. 
What the heck?!
Tbh, 2020 he would give us another amazing album. This year could still be rushed, but it’s great to see him out and shit
> Consult /r/ssbbw (NSFW) for a better answer. Thanks. But no thanks. I'll take your word for it.
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....
[NAME], I hope your plot armor is strong enough to save [NAME] from a ship crash.
Oof, that was efficient 
These aren’t /u/ These are just their nicknames. They’ll know who they are when they read it and that’s what matters.
Oh [NAME] this is atrocious... I think I'm in love
Doubt [NAME] will solve our problems
Mate you're talking to a Remainer who wants to Remain... I just want a Labour Government that's all.
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!
Lol so petty, I kinda love it. I probably wouldn’t actually do that but it’s tempting.
Just life.. I feel like i'm just a parasite that should be removed.
Lol he did didn't he. Sounds like a race to the bottom.. filled with cockends
your post is awesome. People need to hear this more. Thank you.
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.
"[NAME]: ""She seems useless"""
One of my biggest regrets is that I never got to see [NAME] in person. Incredibly talented and the league is clearly better off for it.
Ah I didn’t think of that second definition of end. I like it!
Great album! 👊
Just found UPPERROOM a few months ago and really love them! All the rest are staples in my playlists too!!!
My goodness I didn't even know this existed. This is my first time seeing something like this. Pretty cool stuff.
Fuck your husband
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo
Debs a bitch
You people really overestimate how much welfare actually covers. You act like one child is making six figures and giving their entire family an MTV Cribs lifestyle.
Well that escalated quickly.
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite 
proper fucking order
They're wrong, it was due to their natural wetland habitats being degraded & drying out. 
I am almost there... I am daddy cute now.. almost silver fox.
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.
Keep it simple. Do what makes the money so you can go do what you want.
He's likeable but the pace of a game on live tv is too much for him. He'd definitely be better suited as a halftime guy
I agree, it would be a bore if everybody agreed with everyone else. 
I would do that, but I put them all on 0 hour contracts and less than minimum wage and I don’t want to pay them. 
Sorry, didnt realize. Anyway an r/woooosh so...
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.
Holiday getting abused as usual
[NAME] looks like [NAME] gorgeous
I was grouping twitter with it. Tweets were great this year
1k followers on Twitter. Seem to have no sponsors. Not looking good
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober
Pretty sure we’re the ones being carried with no thunderlords...smh.
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
🤣 wow... I read it all in a serious tone until the end! 🤣
So sorry to hear that matey. What a good dog. Give him lots of pets.
Don’t ever play poker! Lol
Yeah. Sure.... Why don’t you just let us have some fun, wet towel person.
I'm very much like that, here's my face lol You're either interested or you're not
"I can't stand [NAME]. Especially since her ""tatooing my own face"" video. "
That's just reckless. He's lucky he didn't get permanently disfigured or killed.
Wow. I hope that asst manager will be looking for a new job soon.
We don't deserves horses
[NAME] pnr play has not been good, they are defending jok and letting him get to the rim
Yes, it's normal. More like considering you options than desperation
my crush began to be annoying when i lost interest in him. it sucks either way
This keeps getting posted. I think not
You know, I was wrong. I always assumed false dichotomy was their favorite fallacy when it's clearly strawman.
Wow... congrats
I really appreciate this post. I have been having a shit day and this honestly made my night!
I agree i think it's a problem with inner game even when i get the number she don't answer
They’re also communist, so that puts them above their reproach
I'm sorry that I pay for music now to support these small artists. I know I'm a monster but I will try to be better.
Δ sorry I completely forgot about these, but yeah you definitely changed my view 
No longer in LA but I really hope he can get reelected!
Bioavailability is poor without an emulsifier, this is not a practical method of administration.
Aye but happy cake day mate.
This is horrible... One of my worst nightmares actually.
I read that too and was nowhere near as useful as being that valuable.
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?
Oh man. GOOD one.
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.
I'm giving you an upvote for that perfect comeback, but I'm not happy about it!
I also take the pill continuously for endometriosis. I will never go back. I love those pills.
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.
Fuck these trendy hipster joints. Give me my shit like normal fucking people.
[NAME] and the Chicago Wolves (I'm so sorry)
I really don't like the way she says zombie. It sounds like she tryed to fill up space.
Because it's incredibly cringy.
Thank you!! I’m at home recovering from surgery and on some meds, so I wasn’t sure if I imagined it. 
that's not scarcity its desperation and prioritizing looks over everything else
No, you're supposed to get angry and yell that you're right when someone corrects you
It’s been 2 hours, OP died for a noble cause.
Maybe he just never wanted to be a head coach and was content with being a defensive coordinator? Either way, I’m excited!
That’s great of you :)
It’s got to be embarrassing at this point
I just hope [NAME] doesn't lose hope. Dudes got a great heart. But knowing our organization...
I have this problem but without caffeine
Newsflash: Ugly people cheat, too. Cheaters cheat. Cheating is a behavior, not a look. 
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...
What an obnoxious, drunk girl. 
Depends on what's causing the hallucinations
They apologized for that episode.
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were
Don't care. Have fun. Got better things to do.
I like your style B)
I have never seen a dog more excited than when a sled dog is about to go to work.
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS
Lol idk how he messed them up but they were like eating rubber or gummy candies almost
I don't know what's more embarrassing, the fact I watch the show or own a Roku TV.
[NAME] is letting [NAME] play 3 :0. That is good news.
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.
sorry I dont understand, I dont keep up with celebrity gossip, was [NAME] involved in something [NAME] related?
I hope thats true.
Look we are starving but we still have some honor. We don't need any help from your people. Especially not 50 cents a day
I’m not going to live in the middle of nowhere. I like Chicago.
oh man that actually sounds gross in that context
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.
Valid. That shit right there is valid as hell.
212/62 actually, lol. Good to know it's a metro-wide issue!
Such nice, silly, warm friends once you get to know how to act near one. You have to learn the secret scratchy place too!
That is the first positive thing I’ve ever read about NJ transit.
I think [NAME] has a pretty unconventional face, also [NAME]
We had fantastic spacing that possession. Clearing all the defenders to the left side of the court so that [NAME] had a completely open lane to the basket.
That's why I don't open Instagram that much
I bet she smells like a jar of mayo left open for a week in the summer
That's right, always be extra careful around the corner.
I’m just afraid of the reaction. But I know you’re right.
interesting theory. I'll try to keep this in mind more. ♥
Honestly this type of support sounds very shallow. It’s not like you’re gonna support women in any way when their babies are born.
To me the toenails is the grossest part! 🤮
$70... Now that's a good price!
People requesting asylum are not illegal immigrants so that argument is bull shit. Get informed by an actual news source please
Mine is 2.5 and trying to drop her last nap. She needs it so desperately though. It is HELLLLLL dealing with this.
‘You’re not so smart’ Wow what a murder /s Trash post
satisfying, really.
Sick comeback. Not really a dirty combo other than the unblockable.
My point is that they give him shit for legitimate reasons.
Hahaha! Yes.
"The ""[NAME] says it's true"" line makes me think he's messing with you."
Got one, it's still bad dude
How dare you do [NAME] like this.
Ah the high life. Must be sweet.
No Brexit is also an option.
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far
"""Time heals all wounds. Give time time."" Best of luck to you."
Stay strong.
Hahaha this is great! What episode/season is this?
Yeah, I do. I'm just pretty sure that that will fuck my heart eventually. But I'll worry about that later.
Yea it's pretty fantastic. I got lucky that despite being fairly TBM she enjoys passionate, frequent sex.
This sounds like revenge, not karma.
Like....what even is the purpose of that lie? Ahaha
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts. 
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this
This post is SO HELPFUL. Thank you!!
Thanks for the resources!
That's not what follows from that at all.
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.
I started the Kitty City Meowboys and I do those things. I have a mic but I don't use it because talking exhausts me
Fcuk you.
Because Warlord actually has NO moveset at all and is literally the most boring videogame char to play.
Lmao “now everyone *has* a job”
Oh well I guess. Can't blame you for that. We aren't all [NAME] though.
[NAME] gotta fix his free throws this is ridiculous
Ahhh. A civil and interesting conversation on the internet. How refreshing.
There is obviously love here. Don’t give up. Talk to each other.
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.
Kill me, [NAME] 
It feels like it plays worse tbh
I did not even realize he was injured...
That’s how it be
She's doing so good!!! I'm rooting for her hardcore!! I like her.
I am really disappointed in everyone today. Not a single murmur was mentioned. People only murmur in [NAME] world.
He rambles like a lunatic and she focuses on being called “not beautiful” of all things. Lol Uh oh I hear the downvote train a-comin’!
Yea ur right on that but that doesn't really negate my statement on the blitz.
I stand corrected, my apologies to the mods. I'd personally like to see more banned or removed but at least they handled the most egregious.
Thanks man, likewise for you
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.
Probably but if we spread the word, hopefully we will get some people on there
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. 
[NAME]: I just want them to get things going. [NAME]: This is the competition!
I have no clue what that is, but I hope you have fun
Soooo difficult to do.
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.
From his username I can tell he lives in a city close to me. I'm sorry everyone, Vermont has better to offer than the likes of him
this is so unbelievably adorable
I feel for you (at a title 1 middle school in lausd) I had a tough day today and reading this made me feel a little better ✊🏼
You’re a badass for recognizing this!! Props to you!
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.
Shut up nerd
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.
And yes I also thought [NAME] was someone else too!
"Without Googling it? Are you kidding? (Please don't look up ""kidding"" in the dictionary.)"
She could and should pursue modeling! It seemed like every time she was on screen, my sister and I were saying how effortlessly beautiful she is!!
Wiggs stop that thing you do with your tongue man.
Oh no my jimmies are so rustled! Please desist your relentless banter!
im still starving
congratulations :o)
Our road still hasn’t been salted on Troy Hill
I miss rock fest 😔
Proud of my Senator today
"Thanks and what even mean ""nobs""? "
Incels dont get laid regardless of age limits. Sorry dude
omg, poor little bean 
If my team lost like that, I’d definitely be very upset. Just hard to see it.
Doesn't matter what we do. The announcers will trash the Wolves and praise the Lakers. I miss [NAME] and [NAME].
No. No it isn't. Its a bad sitcom joke.
Sadly, that’s not the interpretation that many elders in your church have made. See: the Australian Royal Commission into Institutional Abuse. :(
they sounds like autistic meltdowns triggered by an immense fear of vomiting, nothing much to do
We're entitled to express our opinion that OP's opinion is shit.
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.
Well, i was hoping it didn't run flat.
I’ve never heard of this before. That’s awful.
Not a good couple hours. A full 33 days.
If you’re downloading from windows I believe so
These are great
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.
No thanks, I would prefer to not get infested with malware. 
Ahhh more and more selfish
Thanks ! so need to try a donair sounds amazing
Go to highschool with the guys I went with. You'll get the hang of it in no time..
No. Not the I. :(
"It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become ""Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning
You are ok.
I Will as soon as I get out of The mental hospital lol thank you for recommending it. I love [NAME]
Why is it so hard for people to accept the word no? Jfc. She definitely deserved what she got lol.
You don't need to screw your face up like that, it's already screwed up enough.
This is badass. I'd love to see it placed over war pigs. Amazing work OP
I hear the ruler's control is remote and is viewed with great reception.
This article gives the details
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.
True story? Haha
That's true.
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.
"This is so crazy pessimistic. A generic [NAME] will win with plenty of room to spare, the problem is that ""generic"" candidates don't exist"
You'll be okay. Just remember that none of that was real, and that nobody knows. Been there so many times. Hang in there.
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.
I just have a controller on my desk that I turn on when I fly. I've always hated mouse flying.
You basically already know the entire series for how much they've talked about it and how brazenly they spoil it.
Unnecessary. This was painfully obvious
I consider everyone attractive in their own way, so everyone is intimidating.
I schedule reading breaks during the day. It allows me time to relax if I’m feeling overwhelmed, but is still beneficial for the kids. 
I don't think you understand that the average player can't aim like that on console
Stupid sexy squidward
That might be the prettiest shot I've ever seen [NAME] make.
You're setting the bar awfully low for yourself.
Well that sucks
Sharing with 3 other people was the worst part of hospital for me, fine in the daytime but at night I was barely able to sleep. 
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn
I see - thank you for the insight.
You’re an angry elf
Why are you sorry for your grandma? She did what she had to do in order to get what she had paid for.
The titles of her posts are somewhat dramatic and I have avoided her because of that
I could drive my fucking van through there!
Thank god, you're right. At least this idiocy didn't stick around long.
Oh good! Yeah hard to pick up on sarcasm sometimes
a butt ....hahahahahahaha ......every 4th grader ever
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.
stop hurting my feelings
I keep hearing [NAME] is a terrible hire.
Have them put out a Linux client and I'll be happy to give them a try.
Yo you USA? I’m on pc and want some people to play bo3 with.
Society hates everything. Just love yourself and the rest becomes easier.
Fuck you, that's how
Can’t wait to listen! Look forward to each episode.
Being disgusted at disgusting things is grown up.
Love live [NAME]
43% on a one bedroom apartment (with a nice large balcony) in Potts Point. Sucks to be single.
A lawyer is not going to disclose anything to random users, you guys are delusional
Didn’t mean to offend, sorry if I did. I’m a firm believer in less glass( phones) and more flesh/blood. 
It'll still be beautiful! They'll just have to be prepared to get a bit damp!
Yeah, I started to see that as a better option from reading these comments since I own most of the house anyway. Thanks for your advice.
Your ass after I beat you so hard you shit yourself
they're shite - disgruntled OCSC fan
I've been seeing these since I was a kid! Wish we all had an answer...
It’s ironically calling British people ugly as a meme i guess
"I really love how he just flung out ""dead mum"" on the offhand chance your mum was actually dead. High risk, high reward."
I dream of a world where that won't even be an option.
"That's encouraging. I have similar amounts of ETH and some LTC that's ""pending"" withdrawal from monday. Hoping I get it soon."
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase 
League wants an LA team to finally work so bad
It was the only thing that changed. The weight gain, terrible acne, and moods... it was all nasty.
Went on a trip to the Austin area. This park is nice if you haven’t been there. Subscribe if you can. Enjoy
Dude awesome job being the reading police, great work out there tonight. Keeping the streets safe.
"It can get ridiculous ,too. She'll actually yell out ""stop yelling!!!"" when she's the only one yelling."
Eyebrow zits are the worst. I'd rather have a lip pimple than an eyebrow pimple. Also part of the fanclub for your eyes.
That’s crazy! Really bizarre. Is she off reddit too? I did notice fewer posts.
Well that's good. Now, where am I?
The only flight delay I’ve had at slc is because there was too much rain at lax
Ah yes, taxes=Nazism. You [NAME] sure are a funny bunch.
forget new buildings, i work at the chase plaza building and am a little bummed that seagram tower made it but this didnt.
Stop it don’t tell the outsiders.
Love seeing the guys have fun.
Awesome thank you! I’m sure it was fine to wear but new guy here not trying to stretch any rules quite yet
Plus she's probably going through some extreme grief, life insurance is a huge practical concern for her right now. 
I feel attacked
That dude popped a viagra and got stuck in his neck.
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me
I am truly sorry, I did not realise you thought immigration had no bearing on brexit. I shall not overestimate your intellectual abilities in future, i promise.
DonutLicious in Spring is the most gourmet one I’ve ever been to.
So 7 years of playing the game (started playing at 15 and is 24 now). Ridiculous.
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are
Wow you could like hand out anarchist flyers while selling these balloons. Would probably attract a lot of people
I missed this villain of the week feel of the show. Feels reminiscent of S1 and S2.
"I dunno, ""Lobbyist"" and ""Senator"" seem like mighty fine jobs"
thank you so much we do in fact [NAME]
That's a cute little theory
Dude I have a verrrrry strong feeling the barber did that on purpose. Nowhere in the world is that an acceptable haircut. That’s fucked up
The guest judges these last two episodes are so gorgeousss like really
Soon: Mass death of pink-skinned Aussies.
Just make a better game looool 4Head You shouldn't worry about valve stop working on artifact, at least for a year
I haven't messed around with it that much, everytime I go in it seems like people are looking for players way better than me.
Good to know, thanks for response 
Let's be fair to them and say not forever. But at least until I die.
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death
I know, sorry! I didn't want to translate some parts but I thought I had to
Yep...and they regret it. I hope you stay together!
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.
Are you located in Wellington? Just interested to see where garage project is available in New Zealand, because i've heard its limited... 
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*
Dont worry, as you get older that will stop working or possibly even cause anxiety. 
The idea of that sucks!
But doing those things makes me feel so.... icky.
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.
[NAME] missed it solely because they've moved from the Rookies vs Sophomores format.
Because this is a poorly run franchise. This is a bad team.
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh
Sorry then?
Unique in a subreddit dedicated to finding concurring views? xD Oof
Now you're thinking, 'I hope that's shepherd's pie in my knickers!
I am a 22 year old male... i hope to give mine away to a amazing girl someday...
Damnit, you beat me to it.
This may be the first thing I've seen on here that actually made me laugh instead of just an amused nasal exhalation.
Damn some of these are so cringy that i almost downvote them, but realize that they are suppose to be terrible.
1:30-4:30 it’s completely dead. You sometimes get late lunch orders at 1 or early dinners but that’s it.
I always tried to go first if possible tbh. You're not gonna get away, might as get it over with quickly.
That’s very unfortunate for the bosses. Capitalism sure does commit genocide. Ireland. India. Indonesia. Vietnam. Iraq. Should I name more?
Funny how you're implying he'd even have a chance against [NAME]
I bid my condolences to any player who did not experience release day action. “*Glorious battles, tooth and nail* *Noobs arrived, our matches grew stale*”
You know you could replace republican with democratic and it would still be funny
Learning to read was the worst mistake of my life
Stay strong.
This makes me smile.
In my favourite clubs pretty much always. The people there are lovely. In any other club very rarely.
Thanks for the explanation. This letter sounds kind of cool.
I saw the first 10 seconds and I feel like I understand
aha, guilty
Good luck my tw broskies :(
My experience has been the opposite. Younger guys are sweeter and try harder- without trying to wife me down. We just have fun together
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.
Save money and find a good partner so you can be financially stable with someone you love and do whatever you want the rest of your life.
Insulting [NAME] for being captured is good praxis
They’re looking sharp!!
She might just be insecure. You do have a bit of an age difference, so she might feel like she doesn’t match up to you.
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.
Please get them into it. Toronto needs a better barn
Its fun to draw in an empty space.
I wanted to bring to others' awareness here to the site and its absurd name. I've removed the link now above.
I feel a lil dumb now, but not as dumb as the idea to switch those subreddits
Same. Ugh
An accurate but depressing assessment of our political system.
Shh don't spoil it for us
Son of Darkness is cool, but also Ashes of the Empire
Hey, at least its not a fucking sauce post! We really need a new season.
You goatta be kidding me!
"My husband and I are expecting a little boy. We will refuse to do the whole ""man up"" thing. No toxic masculinity here hopefully lol"
It's a great side business. Great margins no returns
I will try to pay better attention. Its definatly not just ambient noise. I think you might be on to something with the packages.
She looks like one of my exs always feels weird seeing her about
I’m legit cracking up at the landlord part
Dammit as a mom of boys that made me straight up tear up
They can't even really articulate what has been so bad since [NAME] took office.
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.
I almost downvoted you, because “Boooooooo!”
nah, my face is the farthest thing possible from cute ;-;
The Netflix version is being produced by the marketing team for the festival. It’s gonna be great to see the different slants
will watch the films, thanks for the recommendation 
i swear i've seen this on a poster somewhere at my school, it's awful
It's good
We, battered UT fans, thank you.
Ah, the good old days where you could lose in a game! Yes!
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️
U will hate it shortly
I think I just view her even more as a friend instead of as a psychiatrist. I can’t help but worry about her wellbeing listening to me
Maybe? But his foot goes waaaay up lol. Maybe I'm just blowing smoke, idk much about good QB form
I didn’t know you existed, but I’m thankful you do 
*Fuck extremists.
Wrote some good poems too
Don't tease me with [NAME].
Wow, you’re so generous with other people’s money.
That’s a shame. What’s worse, evangelicalism or Scientology? Tough call
Ope, got a lil chuckle outta me there, sorry
Most [NAME] don’t really know the difference. Its an easy boogeyman.
Platinum is the best Pokemon
"Another reason to instantly kill people who constantly use the word ""awesome"" for everything. This is just brainless mediocrity at its best."
I had that, after a relationship of 2.5 years she cheated on me. Oh well, we had fun.
Bitch right!
I feel like that’s the least disgusting option. Imagine a penis or vaginal canal made out of fingers.
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.
Yes, sorry reddit told me 2 times a error occured while posting this :/ Looks like it got submitted fine tho :/
This made me chuckle, thank you.
I'm feeling hope for the first time in a long time.
If the ps5 ends up having ps3 backwards compatibility I'll come back to this post to taunt you.
I disagree with you, therefore you must be an idiot. K.
Israel is only demonized because they DEFEND themselves from their neighbors who OPENLY admit they are dedicated to the destruction of Israel and the [RELIGION] people.
That’s what makes this scene so timeless. every one of us simultaneously relates to both the nerd and to homer.
That sucks Crescent City, I hope you get the guys.... 
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING
England is all about driver safety. Competence...well....
I hate everything about this.
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.
damn those unlimited lorries. Must be in a hurry to get back to Cork.
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK
Someone who seems great while texting might not be that great in person. You can't make someone meet a stranger if they don't want to.
A guy tried to do this in France after the French Revolution. Did not go well.
It's not vague at all. No one aside from slave owners thinks anyone has a rightful claim to another persons life.
Or just head on to Galleon's Grave. I just hate Dagger Tooth.
Totally hamberders the President, thank you
Yeah they taste so fake!!
"""No"" is the complete sentence I will use for this exercise."
The percentages Apple wants for membership have made many companies pull their apps. Seeking must feel it's not worth paying Apple.
this comment made me very nervous
******fucking internet, am I right?
Hold on to your butts!
Simply amazing.
I’m sorry, I don’t hear the excuses for harden post season success after he blew two 17 point leads in G6/7. 
No the bubble is love. The bubble is life. With the bubble comes zero expectations and a sweet sixteen appearance. Such is life in South Canada.
I will kill you all
If somebody is fundamentally unsocialized chances are they behave socially inappropriate in more than one situation
Just try the free trial. I got bored of it in 4 hours, so no buy for me. 
Thanks for the information. What about any programs in the air force.
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.
Okay, thanks. Dont wanna get banned want my rewards from commendation thing.
Unread. Unworthy of my or anyone else’s attention. You’ll have to hate alone today, [NAME].
That’s great, thanks for the reply and info.
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)
Yes. Exactly. Anything non [NAME] belongs in the trash. Glad you agree.
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. 
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(
I’m so sorry. You deserve so much better.
Also technically wrong, it would be last year but not a year ago.
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;
You just gotta man up, go out there, and get that kiss.
I'm on your side with this one. At least you have some legs to stand on.
Optimism dial at 13, absolute mad man
That's not really true, people judge all the time, it's just that they're usually too busy judging themselves to judge you too. 
Happy cake day
I wish I could upvote this a thousand times
So you don’t agree with having success, self-worth and self-respect, and a purpose in life?
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!
Last time we played this well on January, we had an allstar center 👀
It’s shame that despite the years of dedication, persistence, and hard work. His efforts are reduced because of his height.
I hate [NAME] omg I just do
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm
And ALL of you will tune in next week because it’s the best trash TV ever created!
He will regret nothing I'm sure
I can easily relate to that as well. The siblings are the ones who will stick with us for the whole journey to the very end.
Haha I’m not expecting anything at considering they’re 2,000 miles away from me. I’ll be surprised if she does give me numbers,
I'm going to Rome for a second date. The joys of Bumbling while back home for Christmas and meeting another emigrant.
Skyrim kinda aged poorly but I still keep coming back to it. Might start another playthrough soon.
Who even are you? Get off the Internet little boy. I don't have time for you
I DONT LIKE EM PUTTIN CHEMICALS IN THE WATER TO TURN THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY **UNH UNH UNH**
Mountain West/Southwest so far, but it would be awesome if he did a film set in the Idaho/Oregon mountain wilderness.
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.
I want to date that guy (platonic date). He’s big and could give great hugs.
Lol what are the odds, I’m also 6ft 1in around the 160s but I’m only 16 years old though
Society started going downhill at exactly the point where I became negatively affected by social change.
True. And he's free to leave if he doesn't get it. Relationship is a dance
MAD JOKE!
Nah, I know why I am depressed, and I'm sorry to say it has nothing to do with you. 
**GOD DAMN YOU, FIGHT BACK!!**
In sorry but that seems like quite a shallow grave...
It's a situationally dependent call. Yes, I would call *it* again if I had another chance.
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.
I agree with everything you said!
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO
With the high turnover rate maybe it does lol!
I miss [NAME] and [NAME]. :(
Maybe 2 years ago the time wasn't right for your relationship and now it is. It's been long enough to give it a second chance imo.
You’re right :(
The mom looks like my great aunt when she was younger.
[NAME] damn it I hate when enemy keepers use their hands and stuff to keep the ball outside their goal. Make a mistake pls.
Unfortunately 22tcm is not standardized, as long as it's Armscor exclusive it's irrelevant.
I can’t wait
Hopefully they can bounce back and take out the anger of this loss on the pistons, then start a new win streak
I'm sorry to break the news to you. :(
Not for me. The ankle area is the least painful, compared to the rest of your body 
"I know, right? What an embarrassment that local news would call that thing a ""tractor""."
NL West had 3 teams in the playoffs in 2017 and 2 in 2018......wtf you on about
Sue the shit out of her for damages to your private property.
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.
That sub sounds boring as fuck.
It isn’t lol just saw a string of comments like this. Probably isn’t him though
Yes that's correct, without TWDG no story based game would exist , but i still like LiS
No faith! Shame!
Happy New Year to you, too!
I will, no worries.
please fire this fuck head im tired of losing games because of our power play
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!
50 becoz I’ve used before and it’s A really intense high but after a bit of research I’m extremely hesitant to use it again
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes
When people who know nothing about MLK besides their middle school education talk about MLK
Likewise, Reddit has just gotten strange recently, sorry for misinterpreting.
worst is when people with dogs think they know what it's like to be a parent omg like you dont even know YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
They didnt watch everton leicester yesterday. Pretty sure everyone was still drunk
Nope, no deal far more likely to starve the country than U-boat blockade.
By that logic its seedy and insincere for google to act like they care about Homealone.
Thanks very much. This is helpful
I should've left after the first period ended. That was brutal.
Yeah but that post is a day old so OP won't have any chance of getting karma off it, cmmon now
Haha wait why does this sounds so familiar
I'm impressed that you have little knowledge of the game, would you unsubscribe?
That’s on Canada. Sorry but I gotta give credit where credits due
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.
Please don't come back.
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.
These honestly are getting infuriating. The creator of this made this whole thing up yet Facebook old people take it as reality.
glad to hulp
Yeah yeah science, but I never said anything about meeting forcing him. That's disgusts me.
It’s ugly. Bye bye and good riddance.
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....
Sorry, what?
Please share lol
yeah but FUCK devil roar. I swear a volcano happens every single time I step on land there
What the fuck I thought it was normal to pee before taking a shower and like not pee in the shower Especially if it’s a shared shower ew
exactly how i feel about it too. the guy is just a jerk, and can't be bothered to care unless it benefits him. selfish little prick
I don’t know what this means but it feels significant somehow...
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.
seems odd, when you guys consume much more pizza, I would say overall than us
Score is currently 12-12 when 25:th round begins and [NAME] has 35-10 stats. Insane.
Fantastic, good for [NAME] white. Poor [NAME].
Spiritual success is also massively dependent on other people. Good luck finding spiritual success outside of a community of other people.
Seriously. OP needs to get their shit together.
Lies, damn lies and statistics. 
Lmao I have like 12 days played cop farming who even does that anymore oh my [NAME] you’re pathetic for even bringing up ages
Do you need a safe space? Maybe a cold drink? Being easily offended doesn’t make you right.
83% want it! Have a great weekend In solidarity, 4now
Shouldn’t really need to pay for this basic sexual experience man, it’s not very kinky 
[NAME] wasn't accused of sexual assault
I wouldnt mind seeig a few rushes with that NFL overhead cam.
Anyone can edit those pages, so I wouldn't get too excited by that yet (but I hope it's true).
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do
KS looks like a prime target for democrats to prove that they can help rural [NAME], I hope that they do good things here.
I totally have second-hand embarrassment for my parents. It's equally bad when they misspell something in their email address (i.e: posion instead of poison) 🙄
[NAME] could be so valuable if we didnt rely on him to create
Haha fucking gottem
I’m excited!
Lol I'm literally an anarchist but okay
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.
HYS is the worst Internet comments section. It makes Youtube comments look like Gardeners Question Time.
Wow. A relevant and amusing Garfield comic.
And the new sword is kinda shitty, and not even a complete sword at that price. Also, the sword is really bad for the environment.
Doing nothing is the most tiring thing there is.
Thought [NAME] had a bad game. For such a strong player he didn't get to keep much of the ball when in possession.
Dont break NC. Bring doggo inside and warn the grandparents. Unless theres a good doggo beach/park nearby then maybe go out instead
I genuinely teared up when I heard it in the game
I feel so bad anytime I see anyone fall on their face... I just want to make sure they are ok.
My problem was that Flashpoint ended in 1 episode, when it could've been an entire arc
*people’s ..this is awkward
I think dogs should vote!! It's alright. We're your friends now. Cheers, pal!
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.
For real my wife was like what the hell are you laughing so hard at... I couldnt even explain i just kept laughing.
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.
You're saying [NAME] sucks at drafting...?
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried. 
Whoa, thanks for the in depth answer! 
Shitty cars made of plastic
Naw man Asain men have an easier time. Most of my asain friend are pretty boy. Fuckbois lol
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it
DAMN!!!
you're right, it's all very murky
This is his 2nd marriage that he has cheated in. She refuses to see how much of a snake he is.
I do! I buy 5-blade Dorcos. I'll never go back to razors marketed to women.
Thanks. I'm contacting them now.
I feel like I say this a lot but I wish we'd run the mudiay frank back court more, I like their chemistry together
YOU BLEEPING NEED ME! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS SUB GREAT WITHOUT ME!
Finally the UN gets off their ass and does something. So glad she’s finally safe (for now).
Didn't mean to offend
I have a paper yardstick from IKEA in my purse. It has been very helpful for the craziest of reasons.
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...
Idk, I just need someone who cares but I always lose everyone and I’m sick of trying to be good enough.
Totally amazing that some peoples' egos can't even handle being honked at.
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].
hmmmmm I still love [NAME] and a lot of OR candidates but thank you
Busy night for you lol
Stop attacking me
"Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is ""almost no one"". Bloody hell mate. "
"My sister and cousin got one. I'll probably say ""not even with a gun to my head"" if I get one."
Oh wow. Yeah I’m very new, only about 8 hours gameplay
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.
Nice, Butt Stallion just chilling in the background
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. 
Nice work as always dish.
I’m not gonna be writing you a paper check!
It's annoying. You always gotta give the other guy a chance. That's how MMA works
Lucky he didn't jackknife.
if he ended up with that chef, damn that will break my heart for sure.
I know what you mean. I'm actually looking for a [NAME] irl. That's hard to find...
My drunk gf found each sentence of this joke funnier than the last and is now covered in toothpaste
The customer’s a jerk but you’re really not very clear here.
ok that's kind of cool....
Yeah but shortly after got disinterested so i broke it to her lol
I agree because the issues run much deeper. In your opinion what would be the best way to deal with it? Regulation?
No but that doesn’t mean people were less happy in the past.
Don’t get your hopes up for new armour
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.
Guilty of doing this tbph
But the seriousness makes it funnier. YES HELLO 311? SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET.
I really hope you won't have the chance to enjoy them because man, I didn't like them anything :)
Very weird game but will definitely take the W
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding
Personally, I think WebOS was the best until HP beat it to death. I loved my Palm Pre.
He must really hate changing dies.
i mean yeah but people need to understand when someone needs something other than just sexual comments and maybe some actual support
All the best to you truly. I hope you can find balance in yourself which is what we all secretly need
The biggest Nightmare
Thanks! Do you think a skeleton fort shouldn’t be too hard for a 3 man crew of average players?
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D
Had to have my knee drained after a meniscus injury. It remains the most pain I've ever felt. Hopefully hers wasn't that bad
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.
Oh sorry dude, I was just looking for the WiFi password. [NAME], but I hope you stay safe
"THANK YOU! You should be able to set a preference before your cut that says, ""no small talk please""."
[NAME] was pretty dumb in s7
she does look like a hooker though lol
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3
I mean, you're the one rationalizing for what essentially amounts to a presidential dictatorship.
> Yes, I truly believe in soul mates. we'll just have to agree to disagree
Thank you so much!
"""Best prank ever"" :) One of my favorite moments."
I agree with [NAME]. I'd read the mention of intimacy as just bait for rinsing.
Thank you for sharing, I hope your mum can find a partner :)
You can always kneel.
Nope, you weren't in the wrong at all.
ranked is perfect and elo gap doesnt exist (fucking kill me)
That legitimately made me nauseous.
Isn't it awesome. And then they get praised for their problem solving skills and dedication.
I don't need a pogram. The best targ killers are other targs
Rejection always hurts, even just a little. Sparing her feelings may mean she doesn't get the meaning. Be direct, kind, but direct. 
Seriously. [NAME] is a hero. I heard he was a volunteer firefighter during 9/11.
The face in the bottom photo is perfect!
Not really. My group of friends are awesome in every way possible except they are homophobic
good luck my friend
The worst is working with dealerships
THAT IS A $200 PLASMA SCREEN TV YOU JUST KILLED, i also loved the way he walked into the room all mad, lol
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.
oh stop IT
This is genius
I'm just trying to raise awareness at this point because I know it's not my system in particular.
Ah ok well I have completed my bachelors degree so I’ll look into subbing as well.
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.
I kill them all and THEN overwrite my only save. I'm bonkers.
Lmao I hope almost seems like it just vanished. If someone who likes xans finds my wallet they’re in for a good day
Yup. Lol
Suffering from success...
Aldi is awesome. Low prices, efficient processes, and treats its employees like people. Corporations actually done right.
Agreed. But considering their poor cars were carrying 1200+ lbs of weight, that might slow things down lol
Depends on the drug. Weed makes me antisocial and when I'm in public, I feel paranoid and I feel like everyone knows I'm high.
I meant from when I was a kid and teen. Sorry.
[NAME] I hate that I had to upvote this dude to the sub it is in. Every fibre of my being wants to downvote this atrocity
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.
If [NAME] doesn't drop a [NAME] tribute tonight in his intro I'm going to be hella disappointed.
[NAME] with that birthday gift
I mean she’s very outspoken, she’s just typically wrong
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .
Don't think you should be nominated for Breakout and Best of the year but whatever.
WHAT A DISGUSTING START
You're 105 years out of date. Please update your beliefs to the current version of the Constitution.
Ah ok! I figured I was getting it wrong.
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show
Oh he works as a medic in CA. So hes an Aemt in other states!
This is great advice. The minions here will automatically down vote due to username.
Thanks for yelling it
“WTF, He helped me? ...I’ll eat him last :)”
I don't understand our immigration restrictions. It's not like we don't have room up here
I just hope the show brings [NAME] back because she was really great.
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?
Shut up, Mag!
Well I don't think it works the other way around. As someone who is incredibly insecure, I am also definitely not a narcissist.
No, not at all.
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.
Thanks the mental heath team at the hospital were good, I can always check in there, if it’s too much
Great shot!
"The fact that ""TrueChristian"" and ""TrueChristianity"" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell
Unfortunately I’m not a military man
Human trafficking is bad.
Well thats just mean.
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?
Sob then! Be with the emotions and let them out until they pass. I always feel better afterwards.
I think its justified because that dude freaks me out. The less money the better.
I’ve had the impossible burger. I was actually amazed. Thorough review here looking forward to trying the beyond burger
Agreed 100%, Governor [NAME] will have some say in this, they broke Wisconsin law, plain and simple !
DEAD DUCK INSIDE DO NOT EAT. Well, I’m not sure what I expected. 
Excellent. [NAME] ([NAME] in particular) made me discover my love for DXM and other even weirder dex sounds.
Good luck my friend!
[NAME] has a nice text on this topic. Of flying cars and the declining rate of profit.
LMFAO us going up 2-0 and losing the game name a more iconic duo I dare you
I’m proud of you. First few days are among the toughest.
Revolver is pretty beast tho, 2 shot close range
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.
ooh thems would be nice
Thanks, dude. It means a lot : ) Hope you have a great week.
"That face screams ""Fucking gods, do I have to do *everything* around here?"""
I got the feeling too. It's possible, or the ground is just rough. 
Okay. Thanks for the information. I'll look into it once I get home.
I want to be a rapper. I also like to write poetry and stuff. So to be successful with those things also I want to design clothing.
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. 
No one is getting jailed for cannabis that's the biggest fucking joke I've heard all week
> Mother wasn't amused and I was forced to smile and bare it Wow, I would hate taking nude family portraits
Appreciate it.. just for trolls sake Plot Twist : The one trick has no mic XD
Done, sorry about missing that before.
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.
I'm starting to wonder if these are satire... They're too hilarious to be actual conservative memes.
Did you just say suck a fuck?
It is though. Certainly the worst Zelda game at least.
Women can't do wrong you fucking mansplainer
Those are some nice guns
Lol! Great question
“Why are you complaining, every team would’ve signed this guy”
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT
I'd be ok if they didn't have a HoF. But they do so I want the deserving players from the team I root for represented
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.
I think he’s likely to be a platoon player with Mad Max this year.
I'm not crying... you're crying!
That’s so cute I wish I was that talented at drawing haha. I love art like that it’s adorable
Oh sorry on my phone auto correct. Which does jobs you focus on one person ensuring that they are ok
Clearly, he had a bad Wednesday practice…
So what? The LW doesn't. want. more. children.
Absolutely brutal.
Kinda. And thank you. I'm curious about those files and film and fotos you mentioned.
Haha I remember her! And that documentary was insane. (its on Netflix and is called The Rachel Divide, for anyone who is wondering.)
I was told ignar was going to be awful by this sub.
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me
Thank u goalie [NAME]
What happened to [NAME]? I haven’t followed closely but I was under the impression he wanted to return but the club wanted to move on
makes no sense, troll harder
Everyone else's obsession sounds useful... I get obsessed with certain actors.
We are usually way worse in the 3rd tbf
Not to mention she didn't get her rightful Snatch Game win
Haha sorry, I make hip hop music 😂
Top ten nicest things anyone has ever said to me!
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate
Hoooo boy am I ready for a masterpiece
oppressed by nature!
Its not about not making the All Star game, that's for sure
That sounds great!
Yay the same out of touch old people cycling thru the same positions. I can't wait to see the changes they bring/s.
"I'm missing the ""funny"" part. This is just someone killing himself."
Lmao imagine thinking rubbing a smelly oil on your face will make you grieve better
That is profoundly messed up.
Thank you. English is not my first langage.
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.
[NAME] isn’t even a homer at this point. He’s just dumb.
Good deeds don't buy off being shitty. This is why [NAME] is remembered as a monster.
Tribe member? They aren't native so that's annoying. To me, because I am. 
Nope, in reality this does never happen indeed. Cant we see what the problem is here?
Sorry to hear it man. Grief is the appropriate thing to feel. I hope she is happy in the afterlife. Peace be with you both.
If he wants to play more, he should play better. Otherwise, leave. [NAME] has been very bad.
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.
Nah, it's still funny. I think it would be less funny if it was my country tho 
Good luck, I hope you find it really easy! I did, and I’ve never looked back :)
special for you my dude :)
Nize it lol. Everyone on this subreddit sounds like they’re 50+
Maybe Orlando for Bolts vs Cats? Or Daytona might be better
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.
Cheers, I will do 
I wasn't meaning it as an insult or anything, sorry if it came off that way. 
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].
If you want a one minute story told in half an hour then ask [NAME] to tell it.
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂
I have no idea what's going on, but I hate when people surround the car like that. 
What he said is entirely untrue fyi
That sucks I'm sorry. Ive always been dismayed at how flippant people are.
I have one crazy as hell three year old boy.
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that
None of these people ever seem to have run their own business.
>lol that's [NAME]
[NAME] damn that apron bump looked like it sucked
[NAME] getting off beat the dribble is hurting me a little inside /: Edit:words
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover 
this video made me feel like screaming
> It's upsetting. What can be done? We'll have to take it to the high courts, let them decide!
Whew. I thought no one else would recognize Mac Tonight.
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.
This seems like an excessive amount of work that I don't think (maybe I just don't know any better?) adds any value.
Buff *Nurse*??? Lol, this has to be some god-tier shitpost or something
of course everyones for sure ML isles lose in the S/O lol
Yeah I had a lot of respect for him in that moment.
Only the fools would call Saigon the Pear of the Orient, haha. Stop sleeping on the past too much. And stop betraying your country
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.
Dayyuuummm!!! If you ever get another one, you know what to do. (Record it)
[NAME] damn it [NAME].
Every one hates him so your just bragging you hate him too to be cool . Its not a confession unless u say something u regret
[NAME] couldn’t get them to the playoffs. Pulling out [NAME] for him is dumb
Small group of friends either outside or at home listening to good music would be ideal for me. Maybe even one sober person to drive our high asses around
Such a disappointment. Mobile games are such a shallow replacement for a full sequel. What a let down.
Sure, doesn't change it being overwrought nonsense though. 
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.
And how often do you hear about feminists fighting for these women’s rights? Never. Feminists are cowards.
Game day activities would be my guess. Not positive though.
The person next to you has a high chance of having candy or something cool packed in there so it would be nice to have variety
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s
Oh. That is unfortunate
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.
No noodlebox for you then. Sorry.
That's fucking awesome! I had no idea they would straight up off a dude for trifling! Lmao Winning information forsure, cheers man.
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.
Nobody said they don't have the right. It's still embarrassing.
Thank you. Well said.
Love it or hate it. That kid is a hero
If you can spend more time insulting me than insulting my ideas, then someone else here is dumb.
Oooooffff. That's real awkward, but I mean that somehow still ended better than I expected so.. Kudos ig??
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!
A supposedly professional article banging on about gammons and insulting people's appearance. Not an impressive display of journalism, just a pathetic blog designed to preach to the choir.
LONDON I honestly don't even understand this one
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.
"!remindme 4 days ""Stupid Entitled Parent, sunglasses"""
Thankyou!!!!!
Sorry but imma hit you with a fat (X)
UPDATE i got a set of spare keys finally and rescued my dogs. theyre happy happy and being spoiled with treats. I APPRECIATE YOU ALL
That's great!
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.
Great for domestic workers.
Yeah I don’t think [NAME] wants you to fuck my wife/his girlfriend anymore you cuck
Okay, this helps clarifies things more for me. Thank you!
[NAME] looking good for a big game
What The actual fuck
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast
Fake The monkey was a paid actor!
Yes I do. Two bartenders can easily bring home $4k a month each.
I'm cringing for you. Good luck in your future after this.
Which is weird because I can still get hours every week the day before if I wanted to.
Pointless but fun
Umm that’s me. Thanks I am youngish in these hollowed halls. Mid 40’s
yeah same issue with hockey short of places like [NAME]. 82 game schedule.
I know and that made me sad!
The Japanese and the British can do it well, but they probably get like 10x the funding per capita.
"> ""NOPE!"" Had a good laugh out of that"
No sir, can’t hold them over a bowl for shit. Plus they make blunts taste weird.
Please, just open your heart with us and tell us your thoughts.
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.
Oh, their theme gives me anxiety.
I hate these cakes so much.
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮
Yes. Half the posts on this sub are about posing. I think the pose she is pulling is ridiculous too...
Yeah I live in Philadelphia. I also get told I look 14 constantly so I haven’t bothered trying to even get in hah
I made the mistake of choosing [NAME] once. I'm literaly unable to change characters in Tekken for the rest of my life.
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this
I love people watching from the balcony here
I’m 27 and I’m still finding high schoolers who look older then me at times still. I feel your pain
His left hand is mightily fucked.
Oh thanks a lot! :) Please let me know.
Let [NAME] think about his performance for this 2 week break, god that was a brutal last 5 mins 
This is maybe the lamest way you can say that.
I don't think he was going to catch that bus if he didn't hit the pole.
Ohhhh Thank you! I just found them!
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.
It literally just happened. I'll talk to them when I get a chance but my heart dropped for sure.
Disgusting amount of oil.
Not gonna bother reading that you're not gonna change my mind lol
Thanks, I love it 
Well that has cleared up, but the damage is done and there is zero trust now, so it'll never end.
she'd probably do this
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.
take my arrow. so fucking true
I always thought the name of that sub, like this one, was intentionally ironic.
Yeeeeaaaaahhhhh, im gonna need a source on that 40% statistic
I used to have no problems finding them, but I’m struggling really hard now
Your wife just proved to your son that her love for him is not unconditional. She sounds ignorant, hateful, and should get therapy or get out.
> This is wrong on so many levels.
The commies will be much less sympathetic if they get the chance.
What makes it a non sequitur? The point is, just because someone is in the DSA doesn't mean they are a *democratic* socialist
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome
The point is no 13yr old is perfect and shit happens that doesn't mean they were scumbags that deserved to die for making the wrong choice.
It's right up there with sites trying sell you gold for the coming apocalypse
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.
"Yeah I meant to say the purpose ofnbeing an independent is ""so one can remain annoyingly aloof about primaries and then vote any way in the general"""
That was awesome. Momentum is really something isn't it?
In the time I've been seeing this he has already lost 3
I can't see anything wrong with this message
Just rephrased it into two sentences for you. It's a great story!
Dont keep your mouth shut.
Sorry it was late at night. I fixed it.
I enjoy shouting this at my husband and our friends when they're being especially nerdy.
dude different folks different strokes. don’t kill my buzz bro. happy new years!!!
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.
Yep... I'd vote to oust these mavericks as well!
Sorry what, seriously? Who decided that shit, that wasn't even [NAME]?
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. 
Does anyone have the video of [NAME] drawing the charge I didn't get to see it.
and [NAME] got blessed with a LocationBot cat fact?! There is no justice in the world...
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.
Please go to urgent care and get some antibiotics if you have not already. UTIs can become serious if they go untreated.
Like the poor redhead in True Blood that got vampired as a virgin, but worse.
not since that 9-2 pounding we put on Minn i dont think so
You're right. I forgot more Democratic seats were up for reelection! Thanks!
okay for real, i saw this when the game ended. i died. i fucking died laughing. -sent from my HeavenPhone (TM)
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.
I will read these articles. Thanks for sharing.
I couldn't muster up the energy to read through it all. They're on a different level, and it's not a compliment.
The fact you can remember the games he blew shows how great he was and how few and far between they were.
I am so sorry to hear about your wife’s tragic injury.
It's not a fair question.
Lol didn't some character mention even the league of assassins was afraid of [NAME]?
Sounds pretty optimistic... I'll believe it when I see it!
Aaaand this is why I couldn’t do online dating when I was single.
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging
`Omnialternative` Thanks, I hate it.
Good to know! I should keep a lookout then.
I’m guessing you don’t take bad news lightly. I’m sorry bud :/
I didn’t actually know that. I wish I was surprised.
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.
What the fuck are you talking about
Fact: violins don't make music. And if you think they do, you're stupid. 
I bet you that’s what will happen, which pisses me off.
Rip hot chocolate 2019-2019
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.
Love Mac n Gold
Yeah maybe shutting down all those barracks near the border wasn't a great idea.
It's ok, it was cancelled anyway
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!
He’s 30 freaking years old and is scared of managing a bank account. *eyeroll*
The supplement industry is another scam. Multi billion dollar industry. Stop wasting your money on GNC prework out drinks and go straight to the real source.
We’ve been watching OP for awhile and warned him about his posts. This one doesn’t rise to the level we warned him about.
Holy fuck this thread is not worth it
I think you didn't read the whole post. Go to the eye doctor.
You [NAME] did not make us look good at all.
[NAME] it'd be funny if it weren't so pathetic.
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!
This kills the country.
Look into BRI countries, pretty strong overlap with them would be my guess. 
Cloning shouldnt recreate sensitivity to the Force.
Have to love Billy's commitment. Absolutely hilarious.
May [NAME] bless your efforts. I wish I could be there. De verdad soy Panameňo.
It can be entertaining and funny
I'm actually scared to find out what kind of thing you could get for breakfast there. I won't check.
Praying for you. Willing to chat if you need it.
The SJW community. I hate it too cause they are the ancestors of the Civil Rights Movement who where absolutely awesome
Hahahahahahaha give me a piece of that kit Kat bar
Reading on that sub makes me sick.
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury
Quitting porn only helped with my performance in bed, other than that I’m still anxious as hell in social spots 
I didn't see it either! I feel like the kid at the birthday party that didn't get a piece of cake...
Can't say that I do, no.
My mom and I do the same exact thing. I hate it.
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.
It's a self-identifying group, and they have killed quite a bit of people in their crusade for revenge. It's both absolutely pathetic and absolutely terrifying.
I asked at the Bodies Reveled show if they used prisoner bodies.. I got an awkward no.
This isn’t unpopular. Like 1 in 15 people actually think this... go say this shit in another sub
after months on months of making gameoverse, he’s had no time. it’s getting the best of him now... pray for him
I AM A LIBTAD LOL
Sorry, you misspelled disrespectful. You don't have my trust. Here are the divorce papers.
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.
The third picture is creepy.
Did you just assume my networth? Fucking pleb, I'll have you in the salt mines shining boots.
Thanks friend. I will change everything around here I promise.
More like the choir isn't here, it's on Instagram
No no no. They only have no worth if they don’t support [RELIGION].
Thanks for the reply. And I'm not gonna do that, no worries. I just enjoy getting knowledge about everything on the earth.
Pretty good, yourself? Edited - Saw the link, hahaha... How you doin? ;)
Thanks for the feedback! I will certainly keep that length range in mind.
His name is [NAME]. He's kinda funny, you should check out his other work.
No. Being a private investigator isn't illegal.
Google image him. Hes NEVER had a good haircut.
Annoyed by the people refusing**
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.
Wow. You have literally no idea how American politics works. It's almost as if you're either a bot or a troll.
When my [NAME] is crying...
I'm with you - I feel no connection....
thanks man, i'll do one for him surely, im planning to make one for every player in our squad :)
Imagine thinking that a rapist isn't deserving of prison. He's not even sorry.
I like this person.
Sorry. Bad day.
The jackets that we have so many people wore so they’re musty as hell
Makes me very happy indeed.
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING
Wow it looks like we held our own negotiating here, nice to see.
Might be an overestimate at this point.
Im so glad that you have peace today :)
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):
Its not fake. Its real. You now look hilarious for making ridiculous accusations and praises about a person that doesn't exist. Lmao.
We all lose it too fast from time to time...but you have to make up for it. Hope it gets better.
Mate imagine reacting so poorly to be called out to calling anyone who has been discussing ozil and sven unreasonable.
As far as I know, it's still bugged, so just reroll it
I feel the same at 5 feet 9. Feels bad
This is just too cute.
Oh recently I’ve started working out and concentrating on myself. Has helped improved my mental strength as well as physical. I feel ready for anything.
How dare you
And here we see the incel in his natural habitat: an imaginary dream world catered to his vision.
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.
its great that she takes care of you, but remember to let her know that she can lean on you
It's not hypocritical to find annoying behaviour annoying. The two situations aren't mutually exclusive.
Sauerkraut is amazing, but only as a side to a main.
Fair enough. You know him better than any of us do.
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /
Get your nose hair waxed. Trust me on this.
It's awesome. Sorry, I am a red-blooded male. I see a beautiful woman with a thick 10/10 body and I like it. 😎
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.
i love folksy cities skylines man
I’m sure [NAME] was thinking this when he told his daughter that she stunk like a toilet on his deathbed.
I hope she makes enough for therapy for her kid.
Did I just get called [NAME]? Achievement Unlocked!
My goal for the year is to delve deeper into GTO related play and how to better understand how to use that to play better myself and against others
I find both [NAME] and [NAME] annoying each in different style.
"Hey, I bought a few issues of ""Lady Death"" and it was awesome! I wasn't hanging posters though."
Thanks, never heard that one.
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.
"I'm floored by their solution for ""landing"" the drones. It's so brilliant. I love this channel!"
Can you freak bitchhhhh
HUGE RED FLAG. Don't ignore it!
Malevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin'
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.
We love you, this sub is always there for you, remember that behind every meme and comment, there is someone who supports you
I guess I’ll stay friends with her. Heck I’m a guy I can take a hit if she wouldn’t date
That would be hilariously vicariously through the subterranean passages to the bottom of this post.
Fucking refs suck my balls.
New Title Idea : Man gets assaulted for voicing his (albeit awful and disgusting) opinion.
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him
but this girl said no make out lmao she just want a cuddle buddy till marriage XD
Man, my USDA loan took months to process even when the govt wasn’t shut down. 
Me. I really needed to see this. ☹️
That sounds really agonising, to ask for help and have no one hear you. What's going on for you right now?
How did this get upvoted? This is patently false.
Kind of upsets me that people are so willing to just throw out some wild, baseless accusation like this for karma. 
I am sure the men here who have Career [NAME] and Supermodel [NAME] fighting over him will appreciate this sage advice.
Same. All other map on OG with SSD were fine. [NAME] drops and it's terrible.
This is objectively wrong, what the actual fuck lol.
> IMO the actual root of people's annoyance is that she's an outspoken progressive Not entirely.
Don’t do this. Unless you’re a total prick. Communicate like an adult, don’t play games like a child.
I can't wait till they invent that pill either, and for you to start taking it, for the sake of the rest of us. Fuck.
And this is why I park my car in the woods when I wanna just chill. Thank you south jersey pines
Not saying it's bad. It just initially looked like the kinda thing you use in resection to stuff
That's good to know, then. You can eliminate that possibility from your mind. But gosh. I'm so sorry you went through all that... 
this is painful
The sick stomach feeling should pass in an hour or two, good luck friend!
That was painful to read.
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!
your cat has the cutest face!
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk
Don't worry about it.
Lol my ex loved [NAME] binged trough all seasons.
we roll tonight to the guitar bite. and for those about to rock, I salute you 
I've got no place else to go...
Full time tennis fans are pompous and annoying.
You seem horrible
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.
I strongly agree
:o thats pretty good. Not what envision my boy [NAME] but I like this alot.
That’s it guys, we’re racist now
She sounds hideous.
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.
My home equity rose 120k in the 3 years since i bought it. Just saying
I just discovered her today and I love her music
My husband gets very prudish anytime kids are anywhere. EVEN in our locked bedroom.
Hahaha. One of those rare moments when a reddit title makes me laugh out loud.
It’s common in business but it’s nice to see an organization have respect like that (unlike the Stars owner).
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!
Guys. I think OP blew burns in college and wants to feel better about it.
Thank you for those words. Your message made me feel better!
You must have depression and anxiety.
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE
You’re ignorance would be excusable if you weren’t so douchey about it.
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.
5’8ish my guess. The one thing that blew me away I went to a COD event was how short majority of pro’s are
Hockey players are more brave than the US Marines. Have you seen how tough they are they are so tough
You are an absolute gem
Same philosophy makes women stay with men who beat them daily
Thanks I’m falling in love, and it’s also cost efficient!
Thank you!
She hasn't even fully moved out yet and I feel the same way. I'm sorry. I know how awful it feels.
Nope, although I have some Serbian-American friends there who danced for the Tamburitzans :)
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing
He’s a very annoying person and illogical can’t work with someone like this
I tried that. It doesn't work out very well. You become a machine.
oh, that's nice. welcome everyone!
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful
No, I prefer having a forest
He has never had success
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut
I Wish the answer were that or simple
Drive thru is the worst. The number of times people would sneeze in my face at the window was infuriating.
You’re very right, I’m relieved I was free of this man before anything else happened. Thank [NAME]! And thanks for your kind words 
YES BOYS.
The state of Washington is not in charge of the draft.
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum
Long straight hair on the face is going to look quite odd I would guess.
"I figured this story would end with her screaming, ""I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""
It’s not significant enough to be a bad move lol. It’s a push. Spalding is nothing
That was truly disgusting
Heh, unfortunately true. Especially with US medical system which mostly refuses euthanasia of any kind.
Haha that's so true!
She probably knows but is ignoring it. Lol
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(
That's awful. If I were a celebrity, I would probably do the same.
He is just awful enough to do something like that.
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out 
Yeah dude, that's illegal in so many ways.
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically
Let's hope that they don't miss, huh?
My thoughts exactly, now im laughing at the people responding to the headline
[NAME]! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The [NAME] are taking over!
All my brother, I'm not talented haha I just steal the credit. 
The papers listed at might be of help.
Out of curiosity, what's wrong with the tribal casinos? I've been many in Southern California that were great, are the ones on Washington bad?
Glad we cleared this up
Holy shit, that's great!
Sorry to burst your bubble, but winners write history and since leave won ... */dodges incoming tomato*
Imma let you finish, but Cutthroat Kitchen is one of the best cooking shows of all time.
I really like [NAME]. He has such a great personality and has great chemistry with the team.
That sounds awful. Do you like that schedule?
Yeah, that was terrible. [NAME] laughing and joking at the end of that game ended his career here.
I got that feeling as well. Hoping he retires a Jet. We are the one org that embraced him. He was coaching sam every step.
When America decides to care that they aren’t paying one of the military branches. Which will be never.
thats.... not the type of disco that i remember
Great video, not the same as the gilette ad but still full of a lot of information. 
It's just a really good impression. The actual voice is a bit deeper.
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.
Not much? Oh honey, it's everything! You two are beautiful! Congratulations!
My [NAME] it's a mad house over there right now. All of the posts are about letting boys be boys.
Thanks for looking out but we will take our chances with this grave danger.
The whole point of being an introvert is *going alone*
This guy's YouTube channel is actually really awesome. He makes all sorts of epoxy art. His name on YouTube is [NAME]
I'm ok with this. Man, that'd be some defensive OF.
Hey man, as a [NAME] living part time in South Africa, I really appreciate you making a beautiful version of our flag :)
This must have been totally horrifying for you. I'm glad to hear you found peace in the second birth.
No it really is there maybe you suck at google
Some disturbing thoughts, but I hope you’re in a better place now pal. 
There is nothing that back ups his claims. To me his views sounds more like wishful thinking.
We created these beasts unfortunately. I don't feel right blaming the [NAME] for this one.
Congrats. Having a steady job (and one that I actually enjoy somewhat) is the #1 thing that helped me out with depression/anxiety.
Love your /u/ so much.
It seems like the problem predates the current administration, which makes me think it has more institutional roots.
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD
Haha ik I SHOULD be. But I still love em both like a red headed step child.
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!
I know, that is why I said that. 
It's not healthy though. It's processed. Lol, I see what you did there. Pun intended?
You got a problem with Canada gooses taking Canada deuces
I love Arkansas. /s.
> Love is more important than some job. You can't be serious? Please tell me you're just joking.
No worries. Just giving you a hard time!
Thanks! I've got at least 6 certifications from coursera and a few more from udemy. Good luck to you too!
That was horrible defending what the hell
We have youth and depth on our side. I feel good about what we have. If the Cubs have 2 injuries to their rotation they are toast.
What crap An issue with developing on byte ball is that no one knows what the bloody hell byte ball is
That feeling when you hire a really horny electrical engineer to make a comic...
He was forced into this marriage
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.
Convoys were the safest way to get cargo ships across oceans, so that would be yes.
Yeah, well your just jealous that you don't have a cunt like me.
If your walls are not connected sprinkle your lawn in between regularly with diatomaceous earth. It will kill them before they can get to you.
As a BMW owner, I don't understand what this meme is even talking about.
Her husband is disgusting. I can’t even look at the cute baby when his face is in the shot.
Haha haha! Excellent
Im all for putting rapists in jail, and honestly i dont like [NAME] politically but they tried so hard to taint an innocent man in jail and thats sad
Oh so now we’re not letting plays finish before calling offside cool..
It might be the other way around! They seem to have a lot of awkward conversations while eating dinner.
LMFAOOOOO that’s when family guy was still funny
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them
Wow. This I definitely needed, I'm glad I stumbled onto your comment. Helped in a major way, thanks. 
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....
Good. Can't wait for the lulz.
Great! Can't wait :)
"""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"", or something to that avail."
I've edited my comment. Still a shitty game.
[NAME]? Nah, that's him in the background. The idiot with the leaves is [NAME]. It's always fucking [NAME].
That’s my favorite insult ever
*Pauses clip to make sure that's not me* We're good. What a disappointing [NAME]!
Wah wahooooo!
Gl hf team we can do this! :[NAME]: Whole team leaves
[NAME] bless uncle [NAME]
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man 
Man, these fourth quarters, the Nets are on some [NAME] shit. It just seems mental now
It actually gives me comfort, too. Whatever happens, we will all be there together. 
Its amazing how fast evolution can take place.
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. 
I go everywhere, the XP and money make it worth it. 
Right. It was wasted screen time. But oh no, we couldn’t have a Snoke flash back that was 30 seconds *at most*.
Our [NAME] is going off bro. [NAME] is gonna out-Jack you off.
Man I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
It's been a while since I watched anything from WWE and new [NAME] looks like the homeless version of old Lince Dorado.
Are you queuing with him and is your account a high level? Because if that is the case I suggest you make a Smurf.
Ego is a hell of a drug
Well boys. I am going to actually be productive I think. [NAME]. You destroyed poor [NAME] spirit.
You're right. I totally forgot about [NAME].
Well, you're shit outta luck then. All you can do is bear them feels.
Of course, life get’s better. Just keep on keeping on and I hope you do change your mind. 
My aunt lost a ton of weight by eating a huge bowl of lettuce with a very light dressing and tasty veggies.
Also the world is round.
That troll and his Kotaku cronies have no shame. None at all.
I wear pantyliners mostly every day now due to my random spotting, it helps but I feel the odor is seeping through my clothes. Thanks for the suggestion
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again
Thank you for sharing, there are many abusive relationships out there and it's not always so easy to leave 
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. 
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.
He is good! Funny thing is, a lot of the religious dogmatics in his videos remind me of certain IT posters.
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight
Very well said.
Especially weird considering [NAME] went to Fresno State and [NAME] went to Long Beach State.
Please no hate it’s my first post bro please
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.
just ban everything!
That’s scary
I cannot help but get a sense of schadenfreude when a seemingly shitty person ruins their own career right before my eyes. ☕️
Sports are fucking garbage. Basically just religion but with jerseys and beer in public.
Interesting that's what I usually do... Are you me?
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe
This mode is dead. Sorry :/
Empire was extremely popular at first. I think it gradually got worse after season 2. Those first two seasons were great though.
Apologies, got a little carried away. 
[NAME], too. [NAME] is very guilty of this.
They should fight to have Vans remove the [RELIGION] star from the back of their shoe.
You sir are a true hero.
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.
Well ya but it's kinda too late for that unfortunately
Then income is the right criteria for equality initiatives. That's the logical conclusion we should arrive at from my and your statement
That is so sad. So your sisters got to ruin their bodies and forego a career? Yikes.
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...
Well good luck if you yourself help with that, i'm out of here, i can't be bothered fighting with USSR stans.
Damn you actually got that comment tagged. Could've saved yourself the explanation if you found that comment earlier lol.
Haha... nice
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.
This is my fiancé and I hate it
Really glad the US just passed transparent pricing for healthcare providers, but it's just a first step.
he’s not happy with me
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!
Just horrible. Doesnt solve any of his problem and removes his strongest tool.
This picture is a prime example that [NAME] are intolerant douchebags who will always demonize wealth, fame, and entertainment.
That's exactly why I think it would be a bad idea to scrap the program wholesale. Though, I still think that stadium is ludicrous. 
You are nervous. Just focus on the other stuff my dude.
I feel ya.
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. 
It's just a sexy hamburgler cosplay
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly 
The games are that expensive, because corporations have figured out that people will pay that price point. Now bugger off.
Haha I can drink to that! Cheers man!
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore
Hey, [NAME] nerf to basic damage and no damage mitigation in stealth! Thank [NAME]!
Amazing shitpost.
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad
That was worse than a movie jump scare. I don't know why but giant squid feel more fearsome than sharks.
I’m gunna be the bigger man... blessings on your weekend my friend...
I am so glad that your grandfather learned better and was able to share his story of growth. That takes humility in learning a better way.
I'd be happy for them to take a shot at him, I think he's an excellent player and only getting better.
That's so frustrating but I'm glad you're all safe.
I think you’re absolutely gorgeous
Cheers to you
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries
Dyscalculia. It's not that uncommon, especially in people with ADHD.
Unfortunately not. 😏
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people
I imagine it would be helpful for little kids who cant reach the faucet.
Right. Because [NAME] was a circumcized [NAME] who died for our sins.
I love PragerU r/pragerurine
Her playing with fire, and getting burned. Stay strong. 
I appreciate his deadpan humour.
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.
obviously, its just a stupid question
"And for your daily dose of ""Saints LoL Meme"" you are still welcome at r/falcons we wont stop in the forseeable future ^^"
The tone is incredible.
Woooooooahahhohohohohho nice one Bembry to [NAME].
but if it weren't that way then a corrupt police force could convict many innocents. there is no correct answer to this problem.
Guys. Our defense is bad outside of like two guys.
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life 
Thanks for explaining. I hope you'll fill out the survey!
I believe [NAME] solved this issue back in 2004 with the racial draft
Keeps going tho. Kids got heart
Thanks for posting.
Most underrated subreddit.
You are right.. There something to be said after banging both your mom and gf while they are on the rages.
As an NHL tv subscriber I prefer that home broadcast, but I see your point. GO KNIGHTS GO from Oklahoma!!!
[NAME] damn it I'm so tired of seeing Instagram between fights
Suffice it to say, I understand why you want to build one, although I disagree with both the solution and how you arrived at the conclusion. 
Curb your enthusiasm theme.
Idk if you ask most store managers they will say they started as a cart pusher Probably bullshit but still.....
"There's too much focus on ""our side Vs their side"" and things just seem to be getting worse"
No way!? Ugh this just sounds painful
Ok but what if you hire him into a management position. He makes women feel uncomfortable and a discrimination suit waiting to happen.
They don't seem to care much. Al qaida or ahrar al sham makes little difference anyway.
I'm so jealous. I'm in NYC for a year and the lack of King Cake is giving me actual depression.
One of the best (and occasionally worst) things about being from Westside is that you can always see the skyline from any major east-west street!
Thank you!
It's spelled HIPAA, not HIPPA. It also doesn't do what you think, and at best it's the ADA that discourages employers from asking.
Nervous for [NAME]. He’s my all time fave. I wish he would stay retired and stay a legend
11 seconds. I'll try harder next time.
I know logically that I haven't gained real weight but overeating both weekend days makes me feel like I have. I drive me crazy sometimes.
Wow Donkey must be smaller than I remember
Damn you, [NAME]. I’m a woman and yours are bigger than mine. It’s not fair!
the number 9 recruit from the 2019 class at USC has already entered the transfer portal lol it's only been like 3 weeks man give it a chance
That's pretty good all things considered, if they want to maintain that, they really need to get a patch out ASAP
Ehhh I don’t know, I still find it kind of cringey with the “[NAME]” talk and all that stuff.
Thanks for explaining the point he was making.
You’re right to defend your property is more valuable than the person who’s trying to steal it.
Thanks for being a brave troop, comrade. [NAME] annoys the shit out of me too.
But I'm not happy
My bad.
Oh, I would refuse to do anything really nasty, with profanity or violence.
Are we gonna ignore the fact that he passed someone in the right lane???? That’s illegal
To make her feel threatened
You sound like you’re the one that needs a safe space (and a Depends change)
thanks mate! yes, will buy some protein shakes today.. fucking expensive but better than starving i guess
I would think: Thank [NAME] it's finally happening
You stole this
the original concern was about one particular type of vaccine, not all vaccinations.
Everybody is just temporarily embarassed millionaires
Interesting indeed 😕
[NAME] would benefit if he could help end the broken two party system.
[NAME] playing sloppy
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!
Fun fact: There are only 2,208 billionaires in the world
Very sorry for your loss.
The Blackweb screen protectors have saved my phone more times than I can count.
Always funny how one's income has to pay for others expensive lifestyles ;)
I want to see someone get decimated by a [NAME] hit
Lmaooo I’m sooo gonna use “As asap as possible.”
I like it! It kinda feels like new territory, almost more real than old reality shows. It’s funnier and lighter too
Happy one week anniversary
True to the first, I hope to the second.
Omg I used to do something similar?! Yeah I’ve worn so many hats and then just kicked them to the curb.
thank u, thank u
No dude. This person has two sick kids and is taking you back to their place... yeah, just no. 
This should be the norm instead of the exception. Sadly the leaders in law enforcement are almost always more into politics than principles.
I know that's what she said they dont repackage they have to toss them so instead she brought them home
Knife Fight used to be an awesome cooking comp show
It's nice, but there isn't much there :p 
I don't have children yet so I will just have a long conversation with my balls tonight
Shadow of Mordor 3 looks pretty lit
It's irrelevant though. it doesn't need to be specified in the title of a post.
$9?! Yeah you git ripped off, hope you kept the receipt pal r/sarcasm
I sincerely apologize...I’ll delete and please take this upvote
So dumb it's genius.
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘
Sad face it is
False. Drop bears.
Liberal Grandma best Grandma.
I really hope more queer couples have kids. It needs to become more normalized. I definitely want at least 2, probably through surrogacy.
I cried reading your last posts. I’m so sorry about what happened. I hope you are able to make a change in their system.
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it
I’m sorry for your loss bro ❤️
you get an upvote for that username! I wish I was a funhammer
"I misunderstood ""come back strong"" "
I appreciate the honesty
That's awful. I'm glad [NAME] doing better, but he might have serious trust issues for life. 
Yes the achilles gave out and so did my hopes. I miss brandon :(
It's really very upsetting to have parents who dismiss this condition.
[NAME] could kill someone on purpose and she isnt going to get into trouble EVER
Damn this is dope
The government won't let scientists do studies on it, so we're stuck with anecdata until they stop being assholes.
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball
He likes an old song and is young DISGUSTING
Getting AB for anything less than a 2nd rounder + something else definitely isn't realistic.
While I agree that the biggest problem is [NAME], [NAME] had to go too.
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!
Journalists not writing the headlines remains one of the most frustrating aspects of print media on digital platforms.
I wanted [NAME] so bad, but at least we got a cute character (little ticked about the scythe but, I'll still play her)
I LOVE [NAME]. I truly do. I will be happy to vote for her, but pointing out clear differences is not negative.
Fortunately, those defibs only require being able to read to operate, so that means a good 5% of most corporate drones could run one.
What the hell does metaphysics have to do with this? Also it’s a meme, get over yourself. 
>If you can’t recognize bad acting like [NAME] emotional scenes, Oh please. Why are you even on this sub? Lol
Hey, thanks! :)
My boss had this conversation with me just before Christmas. I start my new job in February.
Nononononononononono this is not happening
I'm so sorry. This is no way to be live or be treated. It's so immature and emotionally-abusive. I really hope your circumstances improve
Of all the stupid terms for people out there “womxn” is by far the stupidest
please don’t make me have to bring up fire emblem in trader joe’s again i can never go back
I love lighthouses
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.
i've never been baby crazy but goddamn if i'm not always craving an adorable puppy in my arms 😭😭
[NAME] found the perfect position to not have to defend [NAME] or [NAME]. Amazing instinct to be honest
Well.... it’s even more weird to drink the milk of other species..so...
i see, thanks bro
That makes sense. Thanks.!
>Would I pull my gun if that were happening to me? >absolutely
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.
Glad to help!
Ok but it's pretty cute too
Oh yeah. That character could have had potential if they let him develop properly
"""Then you leave me no choice but to call the police and have you charged with petty larceny""."
The sign doesn't have units! Maybe the speed limit is 45 light yrs per second!!!!
In the prequels the son couldn't save the mother. Maybe things will be different this time...
I like [NAME], but this entire sequence was hilarious. Poor guy. 
I want to come back as a tree
Thank you Burger King! Source
As a matter of fact I do plan to go to germany, and I am already at B2 level in german
I'm just reminding everyone. you're not helping the situation by being pedantic
Players like this makes me rage quit tbh.
You gotta find that fine line where you amass as much paper equity as possible while not sacrificing what’s really important in life.
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.
That's a very long winded way to say 'i disagree'
Lmao is this a bot?
Your “[NAME]” is a train wreck at social media. Only skill he’s shown so far
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there
Aaahhh u got a spanking. Lol
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!
Thanks, but I am most certainly broken.
"Oh, well when I said ""we"" I didn't mean Reddit, lol. My bad if that was unclear."
Thank you for your service.
1 is the lie. I'm cheating because I remember this convo from last week.
I was hoping - thank you.
Glad that [NAME] continues to be himself even in a mystery fortress. I doubt I'll ever play another game as good.
Pretty
No. Not worth both whatsoever with what we need to fill
Seriously, I’ve never had rendering problems (External SSD) until now... Not even on the PTR
No! My furniture is floating!
OH MY GOD!!!! The poor parents must have gone from gutted to PISSED in a matter of moments.
Not me, blue text posted it on fb airing out the guy but yeah she really handled it well 
Caring too much
[NAME] is for real. This is gonna be his league in a few years imo. Great pick.
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3
It doesn’t really change anything, just side with your preference 
I am so excited to vote for him! [NAME]
I love Fish Stick
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.
HAS THE WHOLE WORLD GONE CRAZY‽ AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT THE RULES‽ MARK IT ZERO!
Nice. How is prep going??
Probably just do the job and try to work out your anxiety rather than taking the path of least resistance which offers no character growth. Best of luck
Yaaaay!!
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container
Yeah, your dopamine receptors are going back to normal.
What a complete and utter cunt.
i like memes, I just don't like following rules for making memes.
No where was I blaming [NAME] for the lose but he didn’t help. I just dislike his game.
She didn't believe that [NAME] left a Bomb. To [NAME] it could all be a trick to get her to come back.
Hands down one of my favourite VA's and a main reason I go FemShep or play games she's in.
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!
good looks guys
I want [NAME] and [NAME] in Top 3 so I’m feeling the omens girl
Maybe unpopular but I never eat pancakes with syrup. Way too damn sweet.
She does seem fully committed. That’s just why I’m a bit confused. I’m hoping she does deep inside. Thank you.
Now were talking. Acknowledge our short comings and bring in a guy that is essentially a solution to most of them. Love it.
These people in here are joking about holding down and cutting their neighbors faces. It's pretty gross.
Oh man I was being facetious It annoyed me so much
wtf i love basketball again.
Incorrect. To cure cancer you need to have a citrus and mint essential oils. Lavender is to calm yourself and help you sleep. /s
Ah, as a fanatical supporter of the Alliance I've not done any of the Horde content, thanks for letting me know
I heard Netflix was cutting a bunch of content so I'm going to cancel and drop all the content myself! 4d chess move baby!
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary
>it tasted horrible to use. Eating some of that right now. No regrets.
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. 
Season 5 is the best IMO.
I hate that I was young enough to not remember this but old enough to remember the next Super Bowl....
Holy shit. Amazing response.
Sounds good ya I'll have to listen to those. Thanks
No I know. This group has been mostly helpful. And the rude comments were deleted by the mods.
That unfortunately still doesn’t stop the thoughts or really address any issue I raised in my post. thanks for your concern though mate. I appreciate it
*aggressively tells friend I love them*
I’m ashamed to look at how much time I spend on Reddit
I mastered the smelling weed in public. Just ignore them.
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]
Glucose guardian!!!! Salmonblue, you are doing amazing sweetie.
It was his time, even though I'm not complaining about how [NAME] should be avoided. thank you very much!
"I would pay money for [NAME] to not be my nurse. She will probably ""accudentally"" squeeze my nuts. Crazy bitch."
I love [NAME] and totally understand. I hope she and [NAME] are able to have their healthy baby.
Found the selfish and shitty anti-vaxxer in the thread. How many of us have to die before you get your fucking kids vaccinated?
i want my nuggs mom!
You like [NAME] but dislike [NAME]? That is weird considering that they both are on the same low level of intelligence.
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.
RemindMe! 6 years
They were tricked. It’s not like those politicians were being honest.
There isn't. It's a brigaded thread. Good opportunity to tag accounts, though.
I’d keep at this line of dialogue but I’ve got to rewind some videocassettes, sorry. Carry on without me.
Doesn't like hearing the truth
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.
excuse me what the *fuck* was that
You are a wize man. This was a brilliant conversation
That’s amazing! I’m so happy for him!
What are you even talking about? I'm sorry you don't like [NAME], get over it.
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.
Ain't that the truth. It has turned into one old big propaganda/commercial machine.
Only an idiot would visit places like China or NK. Arbitrary abductions and detentions against foreigners have happened for a long time now.
This is ugly af sry
That would...hurt
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.
I'd love to hear someone argue in support of our current income inequality..
Careful, they scare away easily, but they will be back and in greater numbers.
Typically the speeches come from a functional adult. The Idiot is an unindicted co-conspirator with a visible personality disorder. Feigning normalcy is part of what's wrong.
His sentences don’t contradict. You just have poor comprehension.
Ooooooh I wanna try it now!
I'll check that out. Thank you!!
True, it’s not like she’s the last girl on earth or something haha
Thats fine as long as the creative director is still there.... Though the talent will be missed
You finna be nauseous as hell man, Dont stress it though just throw up
seemed so anti [NAME] / classless, especially as [NAME] has kept his mouth shut.
That makes sense, I’m over explaining and I shouldn’t have to. Thank you! 
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.
This is scary.
DDR is enjoying a bit of a renaissance at the moment, thanks to DDR A. Hopefully this will lead Konami to considering a new home release.
This one is hitting people that knew him hard. He was such a happy guy all the time. Hopefully they catch the bastard soon.
That's the kind of person who'd fuck up making you a plain hamburger. That sack o' shit needs to be sent through a wood chipper.
Wow dad, you took a baptismal for me
Turkey bacon is some worst processed food. Enjoy
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs
wow it’s literally disgusting that you’re getting downvoted for pointing out that she abuses her kids. this is the society we live in, eugh
That motto is awesome!
I don't think there is any correlation between sugar and hyper behavior.
Still depressed but I didn't run away so it cool
That's an excellent point. Who would be a good '[NAME]' for the Oilers?
stay safe man
I never knew that existed. I'm bloody dying right now 😂
Yea he’s a good shooter love playing as him in MyGm
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.
My imaginary friend is always busy. I never get to do anything with him eigher :(
"Lol ""progressive reformer"". Gotta love how gullible Chicago voters are "
I’m broke, dealing with my own mental illness, and immediately concerned with just keeping the peace.
It's nothing on you. I just hate the idea from a justice standpoint. I strive for fairness as much as I'm able.
"""Why everyone hurts me?"""
thanks for the correction.
I am sure that whatever happens in the end, [NAME] will fuck it up.
Burn through ALL THE DATA
You're a big guy.
Thank you alot, I'll link to it in the post
He was playing with absolute garbage teammates, and the one year he was on a decent team he had 44 points in 48 games. 
Always look to the odd years brother.
Yeah, it's disgusting & I'm so disturbed by everything going on. Never ever would I have believed this is where people were headed. 
You're clearly upset tho, you're not doing a good job proving your lack of caring
I'd say the guy who was going beat [NAME] face in is the worst character on the show.
I would make a terrible partner. Fuck, I'm not even a good friend. 
Hahaahahaaha I’ve almost completed the online story but i only have 3 gold bars so far lmao
"[NAME], the ""launch more satellites or threaten to sue [NAME]"" one made me lose it."
That was actually pretty satisfying
I was talking about have a more positive outlook on life if it's meaningless anyways.
FOUR?!?!? that's inhumane and unreasonable. We get 10.
Don't forget about the flooding in Houston. :/
The Dillard House is literally my favorite restaurant on earth. Their ham is the most amazing thing on this planet.
Not look much beautiful.
This is very cool! I'll definetly be using this.
Just spitballing here, but im pretty sure he likes basketball. Really weird, i know.
Love it!
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. 
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*
Champaign’s a weird town in that aspect..
I'm glad you like doing - you can feel the darkness taking over haha. This honestly sounds like an animated short?
I'm sorry Mom, your child has autism, or this is a lie.
yup - he threw [NAME] under the bus with no guilt
I'm glad you called it because it really is a beautiful and beautifully honest statement.
That’s not a fucking card?!
My girlfriend's creepy uncle gets extremely triggered when I point this out, or that a lot of conservatives are gigantic fudds.
Haha this dude’s from the area I’m from. He’s a local treasure
Violating the law has never been a prerequisite for being charged with violating the law.
I’m not sure even know sits a fucking painter’s tool. I hate everything about everyone in this video.
I’m not crying, you are!!! 😢
She does have a great ass I’ve always thought so
It’s best we end this conversation before someone interprets that differently
that dude steals so many tweets. i hate him
That illegitimate-no-good-dastardly-basterisk deserved what he got!
Yup! Was a great shoot, can't wait for the video to debut so people can enjoy all the hard work. 
And you're competing for moral high ground on the internet. Hope you feel accomplished.
the young and the goal-less Thanks TSN, i hate it
That’s impressive. I haven’t picked up a book in over a year.
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.
You can’t
I was thinking about the exact same thing before commenting, thanks for the clarification!
..... That would seem like the ultimate way to get rejected and never spoken to again.
"But 80% of the time they go back to ""single"" (or just remove the relationship status), so no worries."
Really? I live down the street from there, thanks!!!
"I instinctively thought that meant ""That's gotta hurt"""
Vans are ugly as hell. You just cant make a Minivan look mean. Also why are they trying?
Damn man that’s a lot of progress. You willing to put forth another 2 and a half months getting your new character back up there?
AV is a system where if you vote for a loser you can change your mind and 'have another go'. That's the problem.
Congratulations! :)
I liked TB 18, too bad it tanked. 
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.
Whatever that means.
"Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a ""journalist"" in need of a safe place."
You know they just blamed the neighbor who defended themself.
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.
Not a nice thing to call your lady friend.
Something cute and fluffy who gets to nap a lot, lol.
Thanks! We had fun.
we need to deregulate more so we can beat them. america needs to be #1 in something
this is def an ad to buy doritos, but ill be goddamned if its not a pretty cool recipe
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.
i’m so sorry.....
It would hilarious if racist attacks against [NAME] propel him to the PMO.
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.
The classic artifact player response to criticism: you just dont understand it loool
This does not sound like a good situation for a child at all imo.
But realistically if you’re expecting fine dining at any airport you’re probably kidding yourself. Sustenance without food poisoning is about the best you can hope for.
I heard the same thing after she had made false allegations and tried to hoover me back . Its so triggering now .
Just try really hard to not ghost her and give her some kind of closure. Ghosting will most likely hurt more... Good luck.
Steeler 4 life lol
ok thanks I'll give it a read and try to fact check
Yup. How sad is it to admit I'm jealous of the ravens run game and defense 😣
Happy to hear this! Stay strong and continue fighting! We believe in you <3!
Same, I hate myself for finding the last 4 chapters... my heart is devastated.
Came for the murderino and stayed to say I drive like [NAME] a lot and it’s bad lol
Apathetic. Not happy, not sad, just don't care
Forgot he had been sent down and was really confused, but happy about this post.
I have no confidence to boost
Really appreciate this post and article. I just subscribed and between this and the sidebar I'm feeling pumped about starting he learning.
Thanks for the recommendation! This goes straight to the top of my audible queue.
You elect [NAME], you get what you vote for, Utah. Congratulations, you got what you voted for. Vote smarter next time.
[NAME] fucking dammit
..and it's awful. What a waste of money.
It's weird. You might be right to worry.
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier
FFS, there is a [NAME]?!?!? Seemed really qualified for that county job. So glad to see this family go downhill....
All I'm saying is there is no way I would let one solo drop my whole team with a quad 0% chance
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme
fucking seriously.
Can someone summarise it here? I can’t get past the paywall.
Also, if for some stupid reason you want to pull a move like this, you better shoulder check 
*tomorrow Thank you for this.
Thanks, do hv a therapist. He doesn't think I am violnt. I want the thoughts to stop. 
I'm pretty sure [NAME] is the single most reported character in the game.
How to PRETEND to have ice powers? Wikihow, *do you think this is a fucking game?!*
Might as well give Baron [NAME] a shot. He stepped aside for [NAME], he probably deserves a real shot now. 
Just saw your edit. What the crap. Guy was obviously creepy.
I don't think I'd like that either.
Oh I don't think so. I like AOTC and am looking forward to watching a 5 hour analysis of it.
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them
And even though it’s only half carbonated at this point it still gives her those weird wet talking burps.
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.
You could be right!
My comment provided shame. I am nothing.
Pretty convenient my drool hit the upvote!
[NAME] the amount of protection that you are wrong *because* you are an outlier at all.
[NAME] are you me? Like I was relating and then you said rot in Atlanta traffic and the pains of 285 burned into my mind.
I live in Raleigh and all the Canes fans I know love it. So the players love it and the fans love it. Everyone else can chill
This is a weird thing to be concerned about.
No thank you 😉
Look at downvote_me_moreYOLO's posting history. Looks like a UofT student from the GTA. Judge the source and throttle your anger accordingly.
that most of the fandom does not get that reference is depressing
Thank you. I appreciate your kind offer.
I fell like you're being willfully ignorant of reality.
Policing is inherently coercive. Anyone who opposes coercive authority must by definition oppose policing.
Truly. This is how family stays family. I admire this child so much.
> I just don't see how this movie wouldn't get dull after about a half hour. then cut it at 90 min.
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.
I like turtles
You’re amazing thank you so much!! :)
[NAME] looks great
"I started a play about a man with tourettes and no fingers. Critics called it ""offensive and pointless""."
Not out of a trash can though, surely? That'd be disgusting.
I watched my team get deep dicked in the natty. I understand
I did that a few weeks back, bronze-> silver, etc. took forever lol
Hijacking <---- THIS IS A GOOD THING.....chicks llike guys with balls, and chicks with balls.
I like [NAME].
It's racist.
Thanks dude.
black bears will run off if you yell at it. if its a grizzly, you play dead and hope it believes you. 
Ah ok, will do, and thanks!
You lot are sick ! I tell you sick!! Lol
Im so glad that he Reacted that way i feel the same way about my college but im in the last semester 🤓
I hate this comment. More-so, I hate how likely this comment is to reach fruition. 
hell even clem would be if she witnessed it happen
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.
 Don't be so stupid. Terrorism is inherently political, religion is just one of the tools used to carry it out. 
you're welcome!
Yeah being up by 20 every game does that unfortunately
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.
Hey thanks, I appreciate it!
>Even though [NAME] quit live performing after he got diagnosed but ok
They need to practice intuitive feeling and depression acceptance.
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?
"I might be a prude. ""Suck him off in the bathroom of your friend's home!"" Those don't equate"
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.
Oh the irony of the sweater she's wearing.
Too many scammers and time wasters anyways!
So we should just complete one study on anything, never question the results or methods, and just accept the initial study as gospel. Gotcha.
Lol I still reference this clip with my gf ha this dude is a legend
I feel you. Most look generic af. I've seen some absolutely stunning ones though. Like [NAME]. She's a 10/10 IMO.
That was such a good cast. Loved that year.
It’s never funny if you explain the joke smh
BUT ATHEISTS ARE DOING THE SAME THING AND ARE TREATED BETTER. No. You're just being a bigot.
That map looks interesting. I have always wanted an oil platform in game.
Good point. Personhood isn't officially granted until you become property/ a bond of the state.
Welcome to Texas though! Go explore it!
It feels to me like your Dean has some baggage and you shouldn't let it weigh you down.
He's ridiculous, I've never watched out west when he was on the Spurs. But damn. Hope He stay.
Im glad to hear it !!!
I have a lot of unopened DM’s but thanks
Oops, forgot to translate from UK lingo 
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying. 
Nope! His real name starts with a G. Weird spelling of a common name, and pretty identifiable so I’ve never wanted to use it 🙃
I already told you, food poisoning or allergic foods. The real greedy snake oil salesmen are big pharma.
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.
Thats one way to make political and economic instability sound super fun
Only a dozen times? That’s nothing. You can do that in one evening. You’re giving up before you even tried!
That last sentence pains me
That's not the first time I've heard it said that a GA acted assholic, not apostolic in real life. 
regret unfollowing him...
I like them
It doesn’t surprise me given that this is the kind of establishment where staff rape the coma patients.
Ahhhh fond memories
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.
[NAME] is pretty dry but he's great for down to the facts videos, I love his voice.
Insensitive tweets don't help, though.
You're so cool.
All the game modes are super fun
Interesting, I’ve never seen a barcode on any of my clothes that I can recall. I don’t buy clothes often though. 
Replace smug with thug and you'll see how racist you are
You k how it's bad when a furry is roasting you
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. 
Well then you obviously have no fucking clue what equality means.
No we don't. A small amount is imported into Ontario. The rest of Canada is long or balanced.
But primarily, you think external factors are a bigger factor. It's true, after all. 
WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING
55 here. Of course, I could never catch me one of those wonderful incels.
Shame about him killing [NAME] on camera.
She knew the magic words. Luckily it doesn't seem like anyone else was harmed.
How he dropped that sheep, probably going to hell but i almost choked laughing. 
Thank you for being proud of me!
Well that sucks. The disconnect reconnect and keeping your bloodpoints I mean. The accidental vs purposeful disconnect seems fair.
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper. 
No I thought that movie was really bad. I could relate to requiem for a dream.
That's a good point, I didn't think of that. It's too late now, of course, but I'll remember for the future.
Thank you :)
I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since [NAME] and I would kill for my Lions to get him.
I just read this the other day for the first time since I was a kid. What an influential book.
Do you think he is guilty or innocent, no need to use triple and quadruple negatives here
Just not the right year to tank. POOR planning by the FO.
That's Great to Hear.
The worst part is that if you had done the exchange, you probably still would have gotten in trouble. Gotta love retail.
Well if you already bought them why throw them away? Use them up and don't buy anymore.
I believe this would still be a ticket if someone else sees you.
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.
[NAME], it's like nobody learned a single thing from the game.
Not sure why you're being downvoted
i'm just making fun of how when moids say they like personality they dont really mean it
Happy New Year everyone! It’s 11:42 in CA 2019’s almost here
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit
I tried at a joke that relates to the post...
It still cracks me up when people call me [NAME].
"""Being able to attract women"" shouldn't be the only way you rate how good a person is. That's ridiculous."
I watch his YouTube stuff. It's gross!
I visibly recoiled from that.
Based on the down votes I can say this is truly an unpopular opinion although it shouldn't be
I am well aware of how immature and inconsiderate men are capable of being, but thanks for the reminder. Baby.
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.
**You are breaking the car!**
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.
I knew there is always an Orochi, even in a [NAME] vs [NAME] duel. Hiding, waiting...
They have THE BEST tortillas too. Made right in front of you. Mmmmmm!
Ok my apologies then!
I am very thankful for that. And thankful I wasn’t totally brainwashed
My partner and I have 17 years between us! Best and healthiest relationship I have been in :)
Nah, only [NAME] are cool for being bilingual.
I think it was, it was do scary, i honestly never wanna do that stuff again
They didn’t even respond to my email so I don’t think it’s gonna work
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.
There's a lot big talk here that will look kinda dumb if we're third/fourth midseason. I hope we aren't being clowned halfway through the season...
What? Shut up?
Thanks so much!!!
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.
It would've been pretty funny in May. Not anymore I'd say.
I think that's what I'm going with. Thanks guys! u/krazyM
Poor cat.
I absolutely agree 100%.
No wonder RemindMeBot defaulted to one day :P
Nothing more attractive than someone who's compatible with me and has a great personality.
...and I think you just jinxed it. I hope not 🤞🏽
You stole an Instagram meme? For shame
If nothing was said and you can be engaged all day tomorrow then I wouldn’t worry.
i can change mood for no reason on seconds. Im happy ish. To sad or frustrated to anger and rage and not always in that order.
After Ohtani, I can't bring myself to believe any of these unverified twitter rumors again.
And in some US states, still that range just sets off weird vibes.
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.
I really wish my husband could get his sleeping disorder under control.
I miss him on our pp
[NAME] is playing with the confidence, aggression, and awareness that I wish [NAME] and [NAME] would develop.
[NAME] rolls with his kitties and is hard as fuck.
That is beyond disgusting.
Fucking hate [NAME]..
I mean if you hidden the initial hit you can punish anything he does after
No you don't, you love lies and liars. 
That is so adorable. Her username as well.
That isn't really true if you've watch all Arsenal games this season.
These edits are retarded. Why do people get so giddy for internet points.
Likely. Just let him take every single shot all night and see what happens.
> Im a milan fan I'm so sorry.
Happy to- good luck!
Oh god, never thought of the implications of [NAME] not selling BB-8 as mirroring her parents giving her up. That tugs the heartstrings a little bit.
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP
Yes. The Brasileiro is a notoriously difficult league, and Corinthians aren't even considered to be a rich club.
I’m not guessing anything. I didn’t make any claims about her viability against trump. You did.
No, don’t wait it out. Do everything you possibly can to lose it earlier in the meantime.
What a douche canoe to take advantage of you like that.
Good layup [NAME] now just try not to get completely lost on defense haha
Thank you. We're as messed up and fallible as any other set of parents, but we're trying to learn from our mistakes.
For me it is unwatchable after the greatness of the LD seasons.
This is an awesome idea. I'm in with my coins when this is ready to roll.
Haha ok I thought it looked like the vine logo, but assumed I was wrong since it’s been dead a while.
No, princess, your body works the same way as everyone else's... You are not a mystery of physics. 
Great. Literally nothing is sacred anymore.
It's irrelevant because that's not how we elect presidents. He won an electoral landslide. He flipped several democrat strongholds. He did just fine.
Stay strong brother - it's coming.
I’ll keep the fruits of my labor and my firearms thanks for the cute ideas though, sounds nice til it’s you in the breadline 
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time. 
I did that my first day of middle school (got off at high school instead) but that's probably because I'm an idiot
My condolences.
I had to put Bird Box because it's the only direct to streaming movie I saw. I feel dirty.
This is completely false.
Youre gonna be really disappointed when you hear [NAME] track with the guy from Degrassi
So basically what we have is a horribly exploitative business model meant to prey on drivers by tricking them into accepting unprofitable rides.
Good luck to you all. You don't owe your dad anything, don't let anyone guilt you into seeing him.
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.
Indiana resident here: fuck this state.
Good luck!!! 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
We do? Strong disagree.
I was hoping this day would
thank you for the suggestion. i'm not on fb though and would prefer not to be, as far as that goes.
Haha love it!
thanks <3
What a fantastic combover! What brand of comb do you use?
That’s part of why I hate porn so much - other than the exploitation of women
Living his best life.
I don't care about [NAME] story but I surprisingly found myself liking Bristol's.
You’re not winning this one. Move along.
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.
Irrelevant what is deserved, as if that's objective. The only thing that matters are the facts and they don't support a move like this.
Third here. Oh, ok. Wow.
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?
No, I'm saying they are equally critical.
Ahahaha I’m enjoying your troll. Seriously remember commenting on it like a year ago. Hilarious people are still trying to correct you.
Stick to your arts degree, the men will keep building this province, regardless of having to fix garbage the TFWs built.
I just open mouth laughed so loud my kids came out of their bedrooms, phone in hand, but still...they came out!
Thanks [NAME]!
I lived for your comment. I'm a goofy goober, yeah. 
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.
Don’t kink shame me!
That's because he played the end of the game when they were feeding [NAME] with no results.
Moving in general sucks, moving a book store must really suck
Sorry, I have plans that day, week, month. Watching TV while you peruse Reddit are plans aren't they???
I'm so sorry about your friend. What was he like?
I like your honesty
Consoles can’t hit 120 fps in fortnite m8. You’d be lucky for like 90
I dunno. I like her.
Why should I care what he thinks?
I read his book. I liked it. Sensible advice, and he's a good writer with an interesting background. 
Not gonna lie I’m pretty out of it for New Years so I probably knew-jerked more than necessary. Happy New Years my man!
This is so true!! I'm vaping mango right now! Weird... Wish I was a kid.
seriously wtf. I want to see how the whole hand went in detail. that was the sickest soulread ever
False equivalence in the sense property rights aren't enforced but more accurately defended.
Wow.....
Did you just call me a *bitch*?? You will NOT disrespect me like this TODAY!
Hot damn it takes some real self-confidence to say you can't do things in MS paint
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** ThaJarseff! ^(hug)
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS
The US and Canada are great allies, it's really a shame they've elected their worst. 
This subs favorite game.
I hope this becomes regular for you both. 👍🏾👍🏾
Ha! I can totally see him having these pictures on his dating profile. He’s so cheesy lol.
Sakura drops & Goodbye happiness
Does anyone have a link to the rainbow song clip? I tried looking everywhere and can't find it :(
This is my favorite game of all time. Thanks for bringing back some good memories!
Hopefully no one was sitting on his lap at the time!
Not when it’s literally contradicted and not corroborated by every other one of that witnesses’s witnesses.
I will downvote the hell out of any news article promoting ponzi schemes.
Thats even worse than what you put up (no offense really). Your work is well done just a hideous design.
Happy Cake Day! :)
Married to the love of my life. LOL
Sorry was late at night and i was in a real depression fog
This is awesome. nice!
So insightful!
I'd be pissed off if I was a [NAME] who voted to remain in the UK & then got shafted by brexit..
Get well soon good boye
Damn kev I knew you love [NAME] but wow this is next level
Always felt like this match would go 5. Come on [NAME]!
Broke and jealous
thank you so much! :)
Smoking a pipe whilst laying some pipe. Fantastic.
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.
Fucking pouliot you're shit
The number of pedos is too damn high!
That they wield to great effect to tell *you* why you’re crazy and how it’s totally not their fault
>...fresh fruit and fish. Sounds like paradise!
You're right, it's not as bad as the crippling retardation you currently suffer from. I'm sorry dude
Not heinous for sure, but frustrating.
yeah [NAME] can eat glass, that guy fuckin sucks
You've aged horribly'
That crowd reaction for dirk at the end. What a legend
Srs I have tears in my eye from laughing... and also because I’m immunocompromised and live not too far from there lmaoooooooooo
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].
Well, it's been fun. Time to quit YT.
Well attention whores are women(mostly) that always seek validation from other people, something that can really become very obnoxious and annoying.
Fake was the right call either way.
You are not alone. We do not sit in this darkness alone, even though other lack of light may make it seem so. 
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring
Damn liberals!
It's gorgeous
Newcastle too. Fake snow news!
Aww that was endearing [NAME].
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch
Thank you [NAME] goodnight
I enjoy cycling too much lol
Depends on who rates you. They don't all do it. I stayed at 5 till about 40 delivery, then it started moving around alot.
Damn... 😑
I really like hearing the Australian accent of someone speaking Italian.
I thought I was done enjoying the Saints loss but this brought me right back. Great find!
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC
Thank you sir
I don’t believe any of that is true all hearsay no proof of any of that .
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh
There are other petty crimes that can be more heavily prosecuted, like unpaid child support. 
Safe to say we’re out of adjectives for him now
Sorry, I just got to give you an extra upvote for 'twat waffle'. It really sums it up marvellously. 
Taking a blood thinner such as aspirin would keep it from clotting
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression. 
[NAME] is an **integrity** man. Without it, there is nothing. edit 1:without it, not with it, sorry typo
what a ground licker. Day 9799 of being alive - I still hate people.
The stupid is real
Same! I don’t know how our elementary level colleagues do it. When I subbed in elementary a few times it was awful.
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard
Happy birthday 🎂!!
Yep happening to me all the time at my college. Fuck everything
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.
I found all mutual nut destruction games to be ridiculous and I never played them. My friends all loved them though.
They played loud music on a ‘school night’, seriously! You’re backing the bastards here just to be contrary.
It would be funny and sad if he gets heart complications again
Thanks for the recommendation! Hopefully my Ulta will have some to swatch!
You can love both [NAME] and the person you are with.
I would be more offended to be served cereal on a plate.
That's pretty much ALL complaining...
I will have nothing to do with this specter, who selectively appears to individuals and abandons others. No better than a cruel warlord.
Seriously! I'm on Xbox and all my crew and we have never had an issue!
Any league that creates a system that makes a kicker more valuable than WR/RB/QB is a league I don’t want to play in.
He's back! I missed him. He is the most entertaining thing on this sub.
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later. 
im glad to hear that i won't just be carted off! and thanks, it's great to know that you guys have my back :)
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.
No one comes here it’s cool
"This is not surprising at all. She's a fake trendy ""feminist"" with no perspective whatsoever."
we def don’t deserve dog s
All the things you mentioned are basically aligned perfectly in 99% of cases.
Lol loving these choose your own ending memes [NAME] 💕
Great movie. Great TV show. Simply perfection.
hello im bipolar 2 the fun kind
Well poops. My friend and I want to wander and look for such things but we can't. Boo!
"Not only that, the ""improved controls"" aren't a thing at all. I'm not re-buying Blood Money for nicer graphics. "
Ha. How funny He's the only geezer who thinks he's madness.
This just looks like it’s actually from porn lol what is the original context
thanks i won't click
I also posted about this a few days ago. Maybe they have different designers but none of them has follow-up or approval from a single person, unfortunate
I'm so happy you said this. I just accepted that I was going crazy.
The original DayZ mod music was pretty intense.
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it
She's not. She's not in any place. She doesn't exist.
shut up, [NAME]!
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.
Aw Thank You.
Thanks, I'll do that next time. I didn't mean to get blood on it after all.
XD lol yes. Ragnarok
I know. Idk what to say after they say they already have one. I say oh good! And then it's awkward
It was a poor choice of words.
I've had all this... except for the last part.
Everyone’s freaking out about our OC. Our need for O-line is more substantial imo
wow that's dark
I just discovered her channel recently too! She's hilarious and I love watching all the diet tryouts.
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(
Yep, it would be super easy. Honestly makes me regret not doing that to the flames sub... /S kind of
Oh yeah lots of elitists who think they’re a damn gemologist but know nothing 😂
One week sounds like a good timeframe. Good luck on your channel! I hope that expected revenue goes up for you.
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]
That’s so romantic!
Have a good one!
More like 11 feet up, but still painful. 
"This is stupid, if it is ""standard"" within mega budget movies, what is Lucasfilm excuse not to be prepared? "
Unless you're a conservative trying to protect yourself. In that case, good luck.
>It would also open the possibility of selling the [NAME] arms, I guess. That would be a terrible idea.
Thanks! You too!
Well done, OP. Thanks.
It’s broken garbage. The most broken unbalanced tekken game by so much it will make your eyes bleed and give you a brain tumor.
no it doesn't, hmmmm I sent in an ask on the discord support page about finding people so lemme check that
Nope. I like looking at people.
Oh I was unaware of this! Thank you!
It sucks being unattractive. It pisses me off that there are so many beautiful people in the world, and I ain't one of them.
Feminist narrative... it's always the mans fault even when he's helping someone out, sleeping, and gets murdered.
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.
He makes Talking Thrones look good.
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!
Anyone else want a TE early? Tired of fucking around with the position even if [NAME] did look pretty mean for a few weeks
I really love that game. It's so chill, I played it a lot. 
They added it back for a short time but removed it shortly after.
whats it like being this stupid?
You just brushed off the entirety of his video and reverted back to the original argument.
We used to do a lot of terrible shit in the past that’s not a good argument
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!
Very Cool.
I know how you feel and I’m sorry you’re going through that. But I’m glad you are still here
Sorry buddy I think that one is permanently dead. :(
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!
it's embarrassing you think that pact is an example of them getting on well together, especially considering the millions of deaths that followed
Hello. I’m sorry you’re going through that. Why do you think it’s impossible to leave?
I saw a youtube video once where someone was a “failed abortion”. They were perfectly normal. I guess the doctor was just an idiot.
I'm so sorry but just do everything you can for you and daughter and of course mom.
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”
You should play PoE its a better game in every single aspect, you'll love it.
Wait, what? Lol. Weak call. I'll take it. 
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.
Yes but [NAME] advice is better then some randoms lol he was one of the leagues best ever defenders
Boom. Sand. Great image
Not sure about “better” but women artists have an intuitive grasp of color theory and tend to use color in a more pleasing way.
I hope for the camera-man's sake that gun is empty
[NAME] game sucks. He's good at comps but his strategic game is awful
Dudes never show any interest in me irl so I was just thinking about getting a Tinder. Seems like people have much lower standards on there so fuck it
The BBQ ranch and Greek are my favorites!!
It's crazy, just something small like that, can make a man forget about all his troubles. I wish I new what that felt like 🙄
Shut up, [NAME]. 
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch
I'm not fantasising, I'm watching it happen. Just like I watched [NAME] smooth, supple back.
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too
It's a beautiful thing! Good luck!
Ya it’s Bamas league to lose every year
Thank you for turning me vegan, good person!
You are a disgrace to the species
Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!
All of season 6 is terrible
Huh, and all these years I’d been *assured* “nobody” was coming to take my guns. Its like they been lying the entire time.
/s. There you go. I have magically inverted the meaning of my comment and removed all inconvenient truth from it
The age of consent is 16. It's the indecent nature of the photo that has gotten him in trouble.
It ruined me, too. D:
Noooo... Went and saved all the webpages as PDFs, though it's not a perfect solution.
Let's us both hope you will be losing it come by the end of the September then... LOL It would be freaking awesome if it happens.
Thank you! That is the goal!
As a contractor this is a huge nono. If it's not on paper it not on your wall either.
That looks absolutely awful. On the good side, whoever made it, can only get better.
Oh boy yeah
That's a cute kitty :3
I heard a fade in/out version of palpatine’s screech in my head just now. Lol
Now you see me.... Too. Lol
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version
I feel a deep sense of shame.
My ex asked me to tell her my steam password..... With more than 6000€ worth of stuff on it. No thanks.
You’re absolutely right, I’m 61 and shouldn’t be at all surprised by the arrogance that ignorance can generate.
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives
This is one of the dumbest things I’ve read on reddit this year.
Absolutely, yes. I could not feel better right now, and I could not have felt worse yesterday.
Why do some people use tbh after everything
I have a boobs but a penis, it’s quite the embarrassment.
Got to love all the fake fans that know nothing about hockey!
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock
I'm so sorry you were bullied in a place you should have felt safe.
Congratulations fellow lobster!!
found it already but thank you
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.
[NAME], I believe you buddy. you might be a weird dude... but no one is weird enough to make up a story that bizarre yet banal.
Also the fishing has been terrible for a month now. I am about to take the 5 story jump my friends.
As a kid, I was way more excited to see the [NAME] truck.
This is probabaly going to be an unpopular opinion but I definitely think all police cars should be clearly marked, unless they're part of an undercover operation.
That's awful. I'm sorry that you had that experience, but yeah, mission accomplished, sorta.
Shameless IG plug:
[NAME] bless your soul. Please keep us updated. HORRAY!
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.
:) i like it
I cackled at [NAME] face down in the corner.
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.
That [NAME] part killed me!
Thanks for reminding me not to have kids
Sadly my boyfriend's family is the direct opposite but we'll still make it work :3
I just got a $250 Bucca order, lets see what happens
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy
And he be like - great and you? I'm like Great. And the conversation ends lol :-)
Theyre asking for a leak, not a theory
Yes. I hate everything that has to do with my depression.
[NAME] just put a huge hole in my heart.
This is actually a beautiful picture lol
"""Fake neeeeeews !"""
That sucks. But you can find another SO. You can't unhave a kid.
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...
Noooo I missed the blood moon again. Someone post a pic
That's all I'm asking for :( thank you for expressing that it is a possibility, and for making me realize it should have happened...
Hey, better safe than sorry with spoilers. But my point stands. 
"""Yeeaah, I know you're homeless and all but apartments are actually really boring. My most beautiful memories were all made outside in nature."""
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.
Oh shit, yeah that's definitely shady.
Yeah your right thats why I dobt rush things, Ive accepted things take time
That's not even the sub I put. Bad bot.
Where the mask inside, too? Are air purifers not good enough for inside? Sorry for the dumb question... Just moved here this week.
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha
[NAME] has to lose it a some point, just hope it's not tonight.
I hope we actually dont need to wait like 1 year for this. :(
I’m excited to see [NAME] come in here. I hope he plays some more quality, aggressive minutes
by the time I found it was a delay it was too late to go back to bed but I didn't have enough time to do anything fun
I feel bad for them now, but if they ever get good I’ll hate them like the rest. 
I hope you're pregnant, I'm not doing this anymore... Gx
Oh that's hard. I hope you get an amazing nap in the car. The exhaustion is real with babies.
[NAME] love for you
So true, thank you for posting this.
Older nurses seem to have less tolerance for the bullshit of hospital work and move on once it gets to be too ridiculous.
Honestly why even make it about her, I was fascinated by his dedication! 
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.
Yes, [NAME] is truly evil [NAME], his utter failure and stupidity is so beyond reason that when you mention it, it sounds beyond reason.
Happy new year to you too! :>
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.
oh fuck i've never been more sure we're gonna lose
I love the [NAME] conspiracy and this is a good addition! Thanks for sharing.
There has been the odd occasion without condoms. No deep penetration, but never the less. Some. I feel awful.
Oh shut up. Quit being dramatic. Another option is... THEY COULD HAVE A CONVERSATION ABOUT IT.
Um, no, it wouldn't be days before anyone looked for a missing kid. Hours maybe. Not days.
Recover well. (Argh, my english is too terrible 🇲🇫)
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.
Tried to ride the Overwatch train and crashed miserably.
It’s fitting. All things Considered.
I will pray that she (or whoever may be pressuring her into making this decision) will have a change of heart and spare the baby's life.
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!
Incels can't even get a pleb thing called sex. Sex is for [NAME] apparently.
I applaud you (in a non-sarcastic way)
Horrible night for dodo
you did drug her though, and assault her by undressing her and taking her photo. you committed multiple crimes. you need professional help.
I love how people ITT are deploying x/2+7 like it's from [NAME], LOL.
Well, if you are gonna put it that way, I guess I don’t have much of a choice.
I like it. I hope that answer is okay with you because I might lose sleep if it's not
I Will! Thank you. I have applied for gaelic studies. (Bet not many international students do that but hey, it's a lovely language)
Oh that's disgusting, this man should be sent to priso- ohh, it's America, ok then, feel free. 
I was trying to make the point that the patient is still having a seizure; it's just not visible because they are paralyzed.
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.
Sorry, but you probably do given the AVers do have a limited literary skills at the best of times.
Yay, now we're only down by 7
No. There's a fair amount of nudity, violence and foul language. 
I love those possum dives!
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.
I wouldn't let a sweet potato dictate decisions, ever.
But what about teams like the cavs? They are clearly a terrible terrible team, but they gotta wait longer to rebuild with a 3 year average.
So $0.50 for that GIF? I think I'll pass.
That boy ain’t right
i am retarded
Sad really. Are they really that threatened by people speaking a language? We all speak English everyday, not like we do for sectarian reasons.
How insulting . . . to Beavis and Butthead
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠
Thanks dude. Shit happens!
the world is becoming very boring...
You cannot have your car running while you're pumping gas.
This report is going to be bullet proof
Ooh, I wanna be [NAME]!
Idk why youre downvoted, executing a manequin seems fun
Thanks man I will check into it.
Yeah I'm in the same boat regarding DC, its hard to imagine living in many other places in the country for me at this point.
Fine, you're right, they should just have a random fascist activist.
I’m still waiting for two of mine as well. This gives me hope that it’s still on its way.. :)
Stop calling them immigrants, that’s a lie. The term is “illegal aliens”.
"I'm more concerned that the kid's name is ""[NAME]""."
Even though it was fake, the Olive Garden commercial was pretty good.
genji dmg buffs are eh but everything else except a nerf to zen are crazy
I know you're annoyed, but can this sub not be a place to post screenshots of poor opinions from the other sub? It's getting overwhelming.
You know what, I think we're gonna be friends. *Special* friends. 
I Play on ps4 so thats a Little uncomfortable but thanks
The whole team looks awful yet half the comments in here are still targeting one player.
"I dated a girl from Broomfield Colorado. She'd end sentences with ""yo"". I ended us."
That awkward moment wHen someone already used shell as a pun earlier
I liked the charlie one more.
That's great to hear, we need more Maki lovers
I'm hoping it turns out and theres something of value but these type of things spark up from time to time so time will tell.
Oh hi [NAME]
it's not but damn i'm sorry to hear how common this is
Have faith, I'm sure there is enough fan support for more popular characters to be brought back. 
Good luck using north melbourne when they change it to 'west' and make a new north melbourne station
Would it make you feel any better, little girl, if they was pushed out of windows?
I wish I didn't know that...😔
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn
Nice try Lumi
Thank you! I was thinking, man, I’ve never been corrected about this before. 😐
If the issue is Abortion yes. My generation was genocided.
I am like the panda one, thanks! I'm also following [NAME] memes and while it def isnt all recovery stuff it's highly relatable 
Sorry, should've mentioned... 
Love when the run away joke always ends up with someone who isn’t funny ruining it
I know right! Lego really hurts!
The Young turds are especially bad and they’re not even sly about it either.
:( im sorry
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.
Goodbye cruel world.
Presidents using these robots will loose all legetimacy. They will become dictators. People should invest in good cameras to document the events and share it everywhere.
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.
read that as 'Belly Racing' and tbh i'm a little underwhelmed
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!
"This feels more like ""Lofi Rock"" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!
Mozzarella sticks!
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family
Thanks, guys! Most of what you guys said were helpful. I'll work on myself a bit and not try too hard. ☺
Since it's a very unlucky case i would tell you to just have a really big amount of pacience and maybe have a date once a time
The shitty taste is what keeps you awake.
Better to spend the weekend in jail than get convicted of something you didn't do.
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes 
No. Can’t wait till it’s legal here
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.
I guess electronic was not in the top 20. The legendary [NAME] with his 2 excellent performances got the #5
No problem, good luck
I wonder what the laws are if you bartered for a gun. I wash your car, you give me a glock.
Sad because you don't get any women?
> a GURPS game, inspired by anime and taking place in space yikes.jpg > I got pumped hahaha ok
Watching this makes me angry.
I thought it got a nerf when the spirit got released. My bad. But I still stand by, healing against the legion is pointless. 
Most of them don't technically breach the actual law, to my knowledge. Plenty of them are distasteful to me personally though.
True, I misread the post and thought it was applying it to on-field performance. My apologies.
Wow what a fucking autist. Probably more effort into this shit than all people that hate on GS combined.
Thank god. I thought he double jumped.
I'm so sorry you're experiencing this. I hope the therapy brings you back your husband.
Savannahs? Like 30 lb dogs in a cat skin and they look amazing to boot.
How to instantly look 20 years younger!
For me it's more about making my personal appearance a hobby more than just buying expensive stuff to have it
Being so rare and only giving you bad luck? Fake news
Wow I guess alcoholics and drug addicts done exist either! and everyone always makes logical great decisions!!
Why are you making questionable jokes at work? Unless you work in a comedy club, it really aint the place.
[NAME] has a fun instagram
Thank you. That's encouraging. I hope to find people like that to learn from.
Oh god, going to a social event with someone and never leaving their side is me at almost every social event I go to.
I guess this is place where we are thankful for Microsoft complexity.
I didn’t think it was possible for one Twitter account to be so obnoxious, but here it is.
Thank goodness I’m safe. Don’t sound so disappointed.
Oh, I know. I just don’t think that will go over so well. Lol
Snorting them might be what kept her from having a lethal overdose, snorting benzos is pretty much a waste as most of it barely absorbs.
I actually laughed at this
Bruh you don’t belong here
Well, I'm glad you're out of all that now. How awful. The way they act, they make you think healthy boundaries are you being hostile.
Thank you so much for this advice :) i'm just really worried about going through the process again
There is nothing more disgusting than those who put children in danger unless it is the people who allow them to do more harm.
I can't wait for the r/hockey GDT with the saltiest fanbase in Reddit. I think I'm just gonna stick to our sub tonight.
Ok I see what you mean. Thanks.
I remember just feeling sick watching this, [NAME] made me cringe hard, I found [NAME] hilarious and ru looked terrible 
But I love solids
It's not something i'm proud of, but I definitely fucked up that day.
You're being a total narc, bro. You're so narcoleptic.
Thank you.
Sorry, not from her. But from family and friends. We were open to each other about everything.
Oh such a embarrassing mistake, or was it?
And you can amend a tax return. She can’t amend a terrible life choice like that.
I read on a different post that he died shortly after of internal injuries.
Well, to them that probably was the polite term! That's funny though lol
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”
Well, that sucks
YES!!!! I will never understand why some post rants complaining that they cant make $$ off another persons hard work.
Dirty Southern Wankers
Thank you! Yeah, I can see that. I'm just posting old work of mine, some of the resolution isn't that great- apologies!
[NAME] got used to be my favorite character. This is embarrassing beyond any stretch of the imagination.
A bad pun can be a real pick-me-up
ooh boy that guy went off the deep end and drowned
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately
Nicknames like that get me all hot and bothered.
Sucks to suck
omg [NAME] is so pretty
No worries! Hope you enjoy it as much as I have! :)
Unless they end up with [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] (or similiar), this will be a huge failure. Yikes.
Those mindsets are extremely dangerous to our democracy.
Haha it’s funny cuz I’m 17 and still doing these haha...
Damn it. You beat me to pointing it out. XD
The problem is that rent controls and the prevention of urban infrastructure expansion is killing city renters. Which is what most cities do.
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together
I hope not, i was just sharing what happened to my bud. GL man, hope you get it figured out
Holy shit that SSP was beautiful
Sitting here, waiting for the price to drop so i can buy more. I guess it's not gonna happen.
No worries, good luck!
>!This really crushed my soul!<
Wish I had the confidence of [NAME]
You seem fun
Omg. This is the real gem in this post. Thank you sir
Haha, glad someone was able to point you in the right direction then 
I love democracy.
No offense but you have no idea what you’re talking about. Maybe you like neurotic, needy men, but the general populace does not.
because [NAME] awesome.
plz no foul trouble
The title is a lie. I dislike what the APA is doing as much as anyone else, but how bout we dont sensationalize it.
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤
Sorry guys, I went a little far... You can read my apology post here.
"[NAME] "" haters gonna hate"" the most cringe I've seen of any politician. Worse than [NAME] benefit singing some working class song. "
Argument a month. I should be so lucky.
He’s bad
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.
Was against Cal but yeah [NAME] had a cannon of a leg but was very inaccurate Also had terrible hair
Clouds aren’t pale they’re translucent but ok 👌🏽
LOL this lasted long.
Ahh damn! Gotta pay attention to that, never even knew!
Yep. Lots of younger generation are obsessed with their phones and emotionally rocky tend to engage in this behavior, especially women with their whole Instagram obsessions.
I’m laughing more that I feel I should st this but I just lost my leg so...
I'm worried he's too small. I love his quickness, but sub-170 is scary for a guy that'll be running over the middle.
That's unfortunate for you.
This made me laugh way harder than it should have
Lucky you, our low is only gonna be 3°
Its a funny joke but it's delivered horribly
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them
Can't even put on dress pants now without turning back and checking for my parents.
Might get hate for this but I'm reeeeaaaaaally not a fan of [NAME]. I don't know why, but I just don't LIKE her
I know many bf who would be excited for that
This 2D-meets-3D feel has been in all Paper Mario games, they all have an interesting take on it.
Dont try to force her out of it. She will (probably) turn on you before she turns on him.
I don’t know anything about Israeli politics except that [NAME] is awful and I hope he loses.
But I feel like such a tool!
Man. I wanna be there to see his face! It’d be great. 🤣
Are you being stalked by anti-vaxxers? I’m so sorry that sucks so much
I suspect wilful idiocy to sell books and merchandise to the even more idiotic.
It would be exciting I guess.
There were lots of awkward silences. The farewell didn't seem natural.
Except they fucking awarded it a prize first. It went through vetting, beat the other applicants, won, then was removed as not being correct?
It’s a shame, I’ve had numerous friends with disabilities but I’ve never treated them any less then my friends without.
You should have noped out of the whole thing the moment the racist with a racist character came into the picture.
Don't worry, he won't be for long
Relax it's a joke. Everyone does some 90's at the end of their videos. Otherwise people will assume that you aren't sweaty enough.
Read this while pooping. Laughed WAY too hard! Thank you for that.
Lmao there referring to what [NAME] said in episode 3 🤦‍♂️
If you had a giant rock on your land, and you couldn't stop people climbing, wouldn't you be pissed?
I was wrong about that one part. I've edited my comment to reflect my mistake. Thanks for posting the relevant bit of the bill.
I am bored of [NAME]. Next celebrity chef!
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.
Pizza time!
What the fuck Edit: YOOOO I SWEAR MY DOOKU JUST SAID ONE OF HIS EMOTES IN A DIFFERENT LANGUAGE
Keep playing whit your 1k players LUL
Bunch of incels
Same business model as playboy — people bought the magazine for the sexy ladies but the writing was excellent.
Thank you all for your responses! Some new info for me is giving me hope again lol see ya on the battlefield
Hope not. That would be a bad decision.
that was a horrible call
I'm sorry to tell you this but your mate probably touches children too. That's the only logical conclusion I can come to here.
I'm sorry but this sounds very much purposeful. How exactly is headbutting someone an accident?
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen
“Spite-based refugee system...” really got me chucking.
[NAME] and [NAME] were awesome.
We should definitely ignore it and blame it on California.
Oh my [NAME] that's so satisfying
Great point.
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]
Good answer -- thanks!
Same. I want to play through it to get the platinum trophy on PS4 but it's not worth the time sink.
this made me stop subconsciously breathing and now I can't stop thinking about it
I love the claps after he fell 🤣
This post is actually getting me to unsubscribe from this sub. So good job, I guess. You successfully showed me something I hate. Thanks.
Looked like it hurt
Change the initials to fake names. Was going to read but it’s too annoying.
I enjoy therapy...everyone's different I guess...I don't think there really is any other alternative....sexual abuse need professional help.
Yeah buh idk. I’d have to be really horny too and I’m really shy and anxious around him.
[NAME] and [NAME] should be there too E: Damn didn't think this would be unpopular lol
What was her emergency other than a teen throwing a temper tantrum
I'm on episode 8 and this is where the show has gotten boring af for me.
That makes me feel even pettier. Thanks!
Oh, what kind of material is for comedy cemetery? I never knew it was dif.
Not admitting you like something because some of the fan base sucks is pretty pathetic.
Bad defensive move by [NAME] there
This is cute.
Sadly, it was not
Oh, but amazingly it seemed to work out in the end because oil eating bacteria evolved in the Gulf of Mexico
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.
This is really disgusting, the 4x4 community is one of the nicest around, Shame that a few c*nts gotta do shit like this.
Thanks, I guess? Haha
No no no no no no no Op you’re a brave one.
Me, for example. I am very very happy.
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.
I bought them for her. Hahah she’s a sneaker head
Holy shit! Did not see that coming! Gonna miss you [NAME] :(
this video makes me sad
should have expected that ending ... but nice new (?) twist on that common joke
Thanks, ive been thibking about telling the school principal, maybe itll help
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].
You are uninformed. Its not just because of the wall.
Write a reply by all means, but be gentle and respectful.
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.
This is about as unacceptable as the subject can get.
Excuse me I am a very important person and I now think you're gay.
No TV Party for you 👎
Ok will do, but I listened to the ep right before I posted this.
Very good points. Thank you for sharing that!
"""I'm not the one constantly talking about getting laid, YOU are!"" "
How dare they not have the foresight to realize he'll become a president we don't like decades later.
The Square. The gross pretentious privilege in this film made me want to puke.
They look damn good for being in their late 40's/early 50's.
I stopped trying a long time ago. I actually feel much better (most days anyway)
Funk Night @ Marble Bar is Friday, 1/25. Always a good time and only $5 to get in.
My father has been dead for two years and it's still been difficult to not talk about him as if he's still alive.
Very very very naive.
You look chunky
It's bad enough when the Jocasta syndrome is one-sided. This is a pile of yikes.
Doing a happy dance! Yay!
No surprise there. It was always his policy to table it upon the deal's failure in Parliament as was set out at the Labour conference.
That cat's jump when the coyote takes his eyes off him.. Ouch!
What a joke
Thanks for reminding me to never live in NYC
It's barely a jumpscare tho, i dont get how this could be startling at all
">""Le Painting""??? What hell is that? - [NAME], 2019"
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play
well there's a pretty damning set of pictures there, ace.
Any food shortages will be caused by these idiots each buying 38 tins of beans a few days before we leave.
I also remember the scripts stating [NAME] look was one of jealousy, which disappoints me.
Oh shit right. I forgot about that wonderfully horrible fact haha.
stupid science bitches
And Meteor Man Edit: Hancock was a superhero movie too even though it was terrible.
I was looking forward to seeing the new predator, this (the concept, not the spoiler) would have made me dissapointed, yet intrigued
Of all the injustices in the world!
Nice dude, aimheros just what I've used.never heard of kovaaks. Thanks for the tip, I'll give it a try tonight.
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is
Good luck to you! Cheers to a new year! 👍🏼
Eastern European here. Very cool! We’re really all the same.
why are other dashers such [NAME] 🤣who made y’all so upset
[NAME], I love these kinds of threads.
Poor horse, must have hurt a lot.
I love my audio technica AR3BT
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!
Thanks, as a Vietnamese [NAME], I love cheap Viet lunches!
Also i think that person is really shitty and I’m sorry you experienced that. People are animals sometimes.
I like, don't like it!
Welcome to our world.
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably
im here for blood only whether it comes via hostage situation or police chase. a peaceful ending doesnt do it for me anymore
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.
So sounds like she was raped, and she seriously needs to press charges, this bartender needs to be raped in prison big time.
Natural or not monopolies aren't good.
[NAME] turned it into one, because they insisnt on being on the wrong side of history for every single god damn issue.
"But still, crying ""castrate all pedophiles"" because they could be potential rapists is like crying ""kill all men, they are all potential rapists."" "
What is up with the second, slightly differently orange hairline in front of the other from hairline? What the hell is going on there?
Your right i will talk to him tonight
I don’t understand your question, why are you nervous if you are happy with the arrangement and he seems interested? 
I actually got banned from vanilla sites for stuff like this lol. I think the guys get offended and flag your profile lol
Exhibit A, lol
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times
Here’s to taking care of ourselves and reaching out to each other and getting the support we need!
Man, I can’t wait to buy cannabis from [NAME].
Ha! Thanks for this.
I MEAN HE'S NOT WRONG
Ok, thanks!
Thank you. [NAME] killed it, earned his spot. Love my packers but sometimes people in this sub are ridiculous 
Happy cake day man
Good old guardian refusing to accept that [NAME] is stauncly anti-EU and anti-Brussels
Agree. Not a perfect coach but pretty, pretty good 
First of all, that's not true in any sense of the terms. Second of all, I'm not a national socialist lmao
There shouldn't be a rule against it. That just makes the target even softer.
Be ready to Experience Canes Hockey
You poor poor fellow
So incredibly sweet!
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues
Stop giving panhandlers money. They dont need it.
this season has already become my favorite over '12-'13 (yes I know '08-'09 was better but I enjoyed watching the '13 team more)
Sad. My condolences to her family.
i miss this show so much
The fact that you stayed this long really doesn’t but the blame on him, you chose this relationship 
[NAME] was autistic BOOM
Happy cake day!
Biting the hand that feeds them
Nice! I’m glad you liked it. Have fun exploring :)
I am sorry but you dont have a saying in this matter. Its up to your parents to solve this.
Glad your happy but also what
But then they can't draw the m word
If you think he's working 2400 times harder than an average minimum wage worker then there's something severely wrong with your world view.
Haha. You are crazy. The world, and reddit world is filled with crazies and weirdos. You are a brave, brave soul. 
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!
I think it's normal and fine and would second the suggestion to have her check into a weighted blanket.
I'm always stuck in platinum because every match is a loss, no healer what so ever
OMG are you serious? Do you know what episode? That's horrendous! I'm really disappointed in [NAME] on that one.
[NAME] had some pretty harsh words.
Someone who’s to sad and empty to care about toast... me I guess?
So did mine! And I'm now one myself. Sending a trillion hugs and props to you!
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.
I find that kind of thing really funny too!
But she spells oddly well, and these aren't small words. It's a bunch of interrupted/disjointed thoughts. 
That’s a cool steering wheel cover
They’re well on track to getting that superpower by 2020 slot
"Yeah I probably would've started crying on the spot. Loud, sudden and especially shrill noises are extremely *""cringey""* and uncomfortable and stressful"
[NAME] what a piece of shit! How could you do that to an animal?!
Made my day!
Shame. CLG [NAME] could've been a thing.
That's not true. There are people that genuinely want to cause harm to people and don't care about reactions.
i communicate through morse code by constantly crouching and standing up. I generally prefer explaining how my oponent can improve when i beat them badly
MAKE A MORE DETAILED STORY OF THAT. ALSO MAKE UR OWN SUBREDDIT (r/amusementparkshenanigans). UR A GOOD STORYTELLER
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon
This sub is so edgy
"If I hear ""not sorry, [NAME]"" one more time, I'm going to start disliking [NAME]"
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...
"5'11"" [NAME]. He's basically 6 foot, so I must be missing something here."
The “targets” so far has been guilty.
My score per minute is terrible because I only snipe so asking the wrong person. Sorry dude
praise be to the dark mother!
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!
"Yeah, I was like ""man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""
I’m sorry should I have brought my make-up wipes and washed my face during my MRI? Or my ultrasound? Find some peace, man. 
Just wait until we sign [NAME] this off-season! Best front in the league.
Noooo. I seriously did not know that. Yes, mind blown. 
And still so few go to college): Such a broken system.
sorry it was absolutely not like that
Looks like a long lost cousin of [NAME]
Ya did good, kid. 
Thank you! I am surprised with the amount of feedback I am getting. I was not careful with my word choice.
U can try. Maybe say u are busy now Thursday but Friday is still open. I mean u are not waiting for her forever right?
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.
Ok so this doesn't seem like a cover given they made a whole comp for him
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.
Wow! Thanks! We’re working on it! Glad you liked it (this is [NAME], the [NAME] one)... appreciate your support!
u fucked up
Thanks! But I was only offered one batch today, it was reallly slow.
I feel horrible for the government workers caught in the middle of this. I hope it ends soon.
Idk, but it is cringe so i posted it here lmao
This is brilliant!
You forgot about cats. They’re all talking about their cats.
when my egg cracked I went through like every teen girl phase in the space of 2 months lol
Impossible. A Milford man shall neither be seen, nor heard. 
That’s kind of what we feel. But yeah $12 an hour, cost of living sucks though. 
Sounds like you're in a good place. I'm happy for you. For me... Right now I don't care how my STBXH is doing. Hahaha.
It developed because of my childhood and robbed me of a good bit of good stuff as an adult.
I peed off my deck at -30 yesterday, very disappointed when it didn’t freeze before impact.
Thank you. Let's see if it does :)
Cool story bro.
We're like bad luck lightning rods. Everybody around us is safe
> since he was the one to take it away from [NAME] last season [NAME] didn't deserve it last season
"""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""
I dont go because it ends 1 of 2 ways. Either im sick or im not. I dont like either of those answers.
True but also it's not a dilemma ; if they try something like Tiananmen they will likely die. So not very tempting to try to change things.
Cause as soon as he locked in execution he used the auto typing function immediately celebrating. Gets punished by karma and im the one down voted. Sure
Didn't expect him to land back in the championship, although mears was much more unlikely
It is not selfish to end a relationship that is causing you great stress and you feel is over despite loving them.
Let’s not get creative again
Lol I felt like I was reading my own tinder story...
My own worst enemy singalong is my favorite LOL
>+. I’m in my early 3 Exactly This. It's the worst.
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.
I loved it so much! I really wish they had better paths for [NAME] though. Poor guy!
Yeah highkey looks decent
Democrats never had complete control, that is a common misconception/lie.
He’s a coward, but no need to ruin his life. You should feel sorry for him. 
happy cake day!
I like Chick-Fil-A but I don't go because of their political stances against gay/trans people.
So sorry for taking forever. Do you have an Apple device? I have given up on converting to google sheets.
 Turkey's situation is bad, but still nothing compared to Venezuela. 
For a long time he had no experience of going to the later rounds. Now that he has been there, he hopefully knows better than to be wasteful
I doubt [NAME] could do make up as well as a drag queen. He's not really good at anything.
Lol at the caption, but I believe it’s Netflix’s new original movie Close.
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery
THANK YOU!
“That ad is an over-generalization!” “Most men feel this way and agree with me!” Hm. 🤔
I can see that. Ffs who the hell would expect a Dean to recognize 2 people out of 25,000 people lol.
This picture is from before 2010. It was funny at the time.
Don't post this on Yelp. She'll hate you for life!
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. 
*Super Dark Times* was awesome. Those kids were great actors. They really tuned in on the bleakness of the situation.
How can he be cool? Pretty sure he has sexually harassed women.
All this theft should be reported to the school so it can go on his spermanent record
-_- GOOD FOR YOU.
You’re not going to win, so you have nothing to worry about. 
Looks like modern art tbh but its good
Heck, you're one cool dude, guy. 
Ugh, this is so beautiful. The richness in those colors. It makes me wanna cry. 
"Don't ""neg"" the university (or any university) and don't write about doing illegal, unethical, or immoral activities. "
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying 
“Real men”. [NAME] be more offensive.
Ah yes, the standard midwestern transplant rite of passage. “THIS ISNT COLD LOL IM FROM WESHUBEKAUAN MINNESOTA AND YOU GUYS HAVE NO IDEA WHAT COLD IS”
Great concept but, there is going to be a Danganrompa 4
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.
I can't believe you're giving these trolls the time of day but good on ya bud. Epic post.
Gonna give up your best friend for a g huh? I'm glad we aren't friends.
great!! thank you
You're going to seriously regret this in a few years.
Been spamming [NAME] in gold/plat elo, nashors into lich bane then hourglass is disgusting if you play it right.
He was aggrieved that people didn’t recognize him and recognized steroid users instead.
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.
Not to assume things here but why would you gas yourself over [NAME], kid is a fucking monster
Again, that + is going to make people not want to do this deal.
Man I didn't think our fanbase was this delusional.
A car. Let someone else eat the immediate depreciation and break it in for you.
Unite us. Unite the clans.
great for on the go! but i’ll always smoke glass if i’m home :)
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)
I think transparency was the right move here. The guy ghosted you for a while anyway so it doesn't seem like much of a loss.
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back
Ah, thanks. 
I would have laughed it off and walked away. Last thing I would do is ask the internet if I was right or wrong.
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!
[NAME] don’t make up only 2% of the population though. Edit: I mis-read. I’m sorry. Please ignore this comment.
All of Disney is cringey. It needs to be stopped
Well tickle me pink. Thanks for following up, I enjoyed the read.
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!
Probably fake. In most situations Siri will tend to avoid words like penis and hope you're saying pianist
you are two hot cuties, all the bestest!
Damn, chairs can communicate with eachother now? What a time to be alive!
Yo good for you!
"I mean, okay...I don't support those so-called ""religious liberty"" laws, soo...there's that."
"""Sigh"" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it ""Upvotes angrily"""
Having high empathy is great, but I'm still trying to figure out what to do with it.
If you've got a problem with [NAME], then you've got a problem with me and I suggest you let that one marinate
Well thank you for all that you are doing. Have you considered becoming a dispatcher too while you are at it? Haha
He seems to have a really cool fashion sense, maybe he can do something with it one day, maybe go to Paris?
I fat fingered it haha I meant 18
Right on. Thanks!
[NAME] made boobi beautiful
Sorry to hear that
That’s a lazy argument. Racism can be defeated with good education and proper parenting but most people are too lazy to fight for it.
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.
It’s an 05 and we don’t know when the battery was last repacked lol
Steven universe is a kid’s show that is also aimed at adults. A very intense 1 hot episode aired last night and people are excited.
There are some amazingly cringey compilations of terrible dialogue from this show on yt
My mother did this. This isn't just a millennial thing.
Or that's just another terrible problem with the template
Okay I will, thanks so much you are helpful. I don’t even know if she is into me or anything but... I will see. 
I think I had that thought years ago, but then I heard they were making a third trailer park boys movie, so I wanted to see that. 
Your pedo-tache is only the fourth worst thing about your face.
She said on the VR Aftershow that she had hooked up with girls and had a relationship with a girl before.
This is painful
This made me soooo uncomfortable yikes
No, you won the 23rd.
GG. We played as best as we could. Utah just a better team.
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!
Wow, that crazy. Hope this doesn't happen again with you. Stay safe!
Upon reading I find this to be fake news and I'm disgusted to learn she writes for the age
Upvoted twice because this is EXACTLY what they think it is and it sucks rat balls.
Italy would be so awesome - I think it's one of those countries you'll just instantly fall in love with.
Wow this made my forehead hurt it was so cringey. I love it.
Bump stocks too I guess, I can't imagine why he actually did that though, perhaps his advisors told him to do it to pander
That was the most boring movie I’ve ever seen
Meh, it’s “next man up” over there. I’ll be worried when they stop making it to the playoffs. 
I love having a deep bench, and being able to have really solid players step in when we have injuries. [NAME] was solid.
Thanks i really appreciate it.
Okay but beware of top experts. You know what you need and what's right.
Last three times have been lost Final, won Final, lost ECF, which is insane. Just a shame that's over the course of 17 years
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??
"OMG its youuuuuuu u/Sippinthatminttea. I remember you 😆 😆 😆 ""interesting creature"" 😋 😂 "
If I’d know about his kin shit I would have never been friends with him in the first place
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.
Whoa. I appreciated this, thank you.
It's almost a shame we won't get a second leave/remain referendum because it would be fascinating to see the result.
Go cry somewhere else please.
Everytime I confront her about she gets super pissed and things I’m “overreacting”.
Finally somewhere where I'm just an average fucking person Fuck why am I crying
My neighborhood is majority Haredi dude. Getting upset when a minority moves in is bigotry.
The only winner here is this guys future divorce lawyer.
I genuinely just for once want to be in a situation where everyone applauds. That’s my New Years resolution.
I've never been so proud of humanity.
Ahhhh That's rich.
Professionally.... no way I could do that to myself
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse
Ignorance, Illustrated
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. 
*lol whats a calculator isnt that a person that calculates why would they have letters on them*
Based on that cars wheels it is now very tired.
It's hard to say. They are an above average team that often looks lifeless and underachieves.
I have two and nothing has ever happened to me. The media doesn't want you to show your support because they want supporters to feel isolated.
Except I can’t with the mobile app. Reddit doesn’t allow you highlight
That's just the adrenaline. It'll set in soon, haha
I know right?! My parents are extremely proud & grateful they don't have to help me pay debt.
It's already a thing though lol
I'm mostly impressed that you can get to work from West Seattle in 20 minutes by car.
[NAME] sure are afraid of brown women.
i never liked any star trek but its great listening to them talk about this dumbster fire
Your opinion doesn't matter, the judge's does. Like I said, if you want better answers, then consult a family law attorney in your area.
Perfect, thank you!! [NAME] this week and [NAME] next week, I’m getting closer and closer to having them all!! :)
Respect from me for his acting abilities! Underused, to say the least.
The pink hats in here will tell us something different but we know the truth. Thanks for the comment
The puppy is actually suggesting that the use of laptop to be repulsive. ^^^^PCMR4Lyfe
Welcome to CTH where everyone pretends that socialism will work, next time.
unbridled bigotry that started as a meme but ended... well, it hasn't yet but its not looking good
She's actually not dead at all. Even now shes still a good hero.
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.
ooohhh this seems quite clever, i'll try this out. thanks! 
I wish. I got to revisit all the cringy things I liked in middle school. There were almost 1000 pictures and literally 700 of them were memes
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past
That’s a really cool GMC van there, love seeing really old, unusual vehicles like that around town.
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*
Accidentally clip through a bathroom wall, get slapped
I wish my husband was like you, especially on point number 6
awesome thank u!!
Are you saying only corrupt companies make a profit? That doesn't sound right to me.
It doesn't cost money to organize. It costs time, effort and concern for your country.
I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Good [NAME] was I wrong.
They are the best but my office is so far away 😞
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(
This type of discussion is exactly what I came to r/medicine for. Thanks guys!
Ok. Got it. Thanks
His hair looks fucking horrible 😂
My shirt is [NAME]. My balloon popper is the DNC. And then [NAME] is the fire under my ass to dive deeper ever day.
Wow thanks I gotta try this!
Yeah I know day of the dead is real thing but they way [NAME] portrayed it was so much better than anything I've seen
Oh my heck, thanks so much for correcting me. 😆
Good ol best available dasher
Right? I was kind of hoping [NAME] would get to take a crack at it.
The most irrelevant comment award..... goes to..... no one else but you.
you have [NAME], you'll live.
Wow your post history is toxic.
Opposing ethnonationalism and private property is hardly a weird hill for an anarchism to defend
for how long, you arent fucking with me?
I always compared him to [NAME].
Thank you! It makes so much more sense
I miss him...
I don't want a president who doesnt know anything about foreign affairs....no thanks.
I don't even have a desktop PC, so I don't think being able to play on a computer will really be possible
Keep voting against your own interests. #maga!
I am the same way. I feel your pain! Therapy and meds are helping me!
Try the Gourds passed gin and juice. They’re awesome also the [NAME] are great
old school from back when we won the cup
>I think any progressive would be against laws that force anyone to say anything. You thought wrong.
Better start believing in miracles then! LOL
The game is riddled with error messages.
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.
This one is the worst, by far
Lol hows that different then [NAME]
This better be a troll because if not, you are the most obnoxious, self centered, asinine person on this face of this planet.
Maybe you need some time get loss of that thought. Try to ignore it and just enjoy your luck.
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure
But that jumper looks hella cosy
As long as the stop watch on my iPhone is timing him, my kid will do almost any chore. Its crazy what kids find exciting
I am in fact a woman, but I'm not bothered by the assumption. Thank you :)
I use Firefox with my 5 extensions and one tab, 400MB of RAM being used. I use Chrome with the same conditions, a whole fucking gigabyte. 
I like that [NAME] is still [NAME]
Still pretty embarrasing though :p
Mother of [NAME]... Im not grossed out very easily. I can stomach just about anything. But this made my fucking skin crawl....
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.
Volume-wise, you are correct. 
I'm sorry but data and facts are more important than the emotional experience of having lived through something.
I figured it would be “the joke is always real in the comments.”
It better not as I only bought the bloody thing last week! Sorry, guess i'm still in shock from the kettle dying.
If you don’t include AZ in your 3, you’re wrong. 
❤❤❤❤❤ this morning in my head I kept saying let go of the resentment this is amazing
[NAME] way of doing things is straight trash for [NAME] lol. The latter end of the competition being bottom is a default sometimes.
I just picked it back up after getting a pro controller for Christmas.. holy crap it's great!!
I met up with a woman who was 49. She reminded me of being old. That isn't attractive. Youth makes you feel alive.
you are delucional.
Yeah, I think we're on the same page. Maybe a different sentence, but the same page.
I haven't seen the chet response, but I cannot imagine myself not telling that person to go to hell and enjoy a lone existence.
He’s so eager to please! This trait in dogs is so endearing.
Man. Really bad last possession there. Bummer.
Focus groups thought [NAME] was too attractive and the brethren were experiencing a burning in their loins and sinews so we fixed it.
You need to look up what flaming is. Don't get offended just because I'm calling out 14 year old boys like you.
definitly whining my dude
She was literally the worst manager I’ve ever worked for
By [NAME]! By [NAME]! It's the grand Champion!
Officer [NAME] is the penultimate FA character. Apart from the fact he's attractive of course AAAAAAAAAAAAH
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry
Ah geez what a disaster if she tries this!
That’s what makes this so sweet! Blackmailers are scum. This was satisfying to read. You’re a savage, OP. Well done! 
Ditto!!!
A lot of the tik tok meme songs actually😂. They really make me laugh and hyped at the same time haha!
Yes, all the time when I can tell somebody is upset with me. Allistic peeps really refuse to communicate clearly it’s the worst!
This is dangerous.
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill
Was just thinking that. Great tunes
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.
Gonna be at the game! Let's get this win boys!
Even on steroids of all kinds in high doses there is no way that this is done in 16 weeks
This hurts me more than the fan meme.
You know, that never occurred to me! So keep cool in summer, warm in winter?
Happy Cake day.
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago
Wwwhhhhyyyyy do they keep forcing [NAME] down our throats. [NAME]!
Guess I'm seriously out of shape, I should do something about that. Maybe next week...
[NAME] insulting his fanbase has literally been a hallmark of his persona from the beginning of barstool
Subpoena is still one of the weirdest words I’ve ever seen
Love [NAME] more.
Haha! I remember seeing this when it aired
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!
“I doubt I’m done writing” Kill me
Agree completely with this statement
Another senseless tragedy.
Fuck that, he can go to Cleveland with [NAME] on that bullshit.
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. 
[NAME] just has the runs. Don't worry, [NAME] is lacing up to replace him
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now
I get needing a good education but what is with people acting like spending the most per student is a badge of honor?
From heroic cancer survivor to bad Italian boy. What a world we love in
A year ago I said that this continuous ISO by Houston is disgusting to watch. It s still disgusting.
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately
Pffft right, next you'll tell me America isn't a representative democracy, or that England isn't a monarchy! Don't be a fool! 
Good for you- take it to the next level! Congratulations
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. 
And Mac and cheese is shit too. If a grown man has to eat children's food, then STAHMs can get minimum wage jobs
He had another fight with cancer. I believe he is ok now but chemo is very very nasty.
Too bad it wasn’t a sword.
Bad luck you’re in Beckton
I'm late to the party but she looks like she could get up!!
No phone, can't help....sorry?
I don't think we can threaten them with something that's likely to be illegal to convince them.
holy mother of oof
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.
Perfect dynamite moment. Rank up those buckles.
Yeah, he's 8-1 in his last 9 games played. Pretty great if you ask me.
Their sounds of silence cover is very good
You forgot blue passports
Thank you! Definitely listening to this one.
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.
People done be ignorant
There's really no need to test for congenital defects with a mixed breed.
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!
Me too. I love it!
"The ""awesome"" shipping service that promises 2 days but still takes a week? Lol"
Enjoy your gold!
Coinbase LOL people think place is the answer. I think it’s Cancer.
USA Trash is [NAME] beloved gift to Canada. Thanks [NAME]. Nice hair though!
Yeah that's what I meant but I wrote it stupidly. Did you start with really low weight? Like really low?
Fuck this team
I would like to send you a card or an email for your next birthday if you would want that :)
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.
good luck stay safe!💓
I hope you can get some relief soon, I can’t imagine how awful that must feel 
He's worth it I think. Dude brings it 110% every game
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.
Thanks for sharing your thought. You have a fair and reasonable perspective. Happy New Year!
I like [NAME], but I'd just rather spend more time with [NAME].
It’s 2019 dude chill out with the gender roles Edit: it’s 2019 I’m tired sorry
Don’t waste money on guns, you’ll be given all the best guns in the story
The suspension bridges are awesome on sunny days
Yes that is so true why didn’t I think of that
Opposites attract! I thought the same thing when he helped her cook Thanksgiving.
Your logic is pretty messed up and the pos assumption has zero to do with this. Centralized mining will cripple the ability to fight censorship.
Your pro controller tho, tops.
Give me sunshine from Clemson in a few years lol
Plus corporations are universally unethical
I’ve had to remove fallen trees on snowy roads because the forest service is not working as much. Shits a little fucked.
Lol. Exactly
Yes it is I’m 99.9% sure! Thank you! Enjoy your gold.
No? Lol
Laugh all you want, it's pretty much indestructible now!
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.
I know! So relieved.
That was the worst power play I’ve ever seen
I can take the Karma loss, I couldn't help but troll that other post a bit. Some will get it (like yourself).
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥
>No but I know that fat ass just says [NAME] man bad lol [NAME] is pretty fat. Good observation.
[NAME] damn you are autistic
That's amazing...I have to admit, Google making me do this while on VPN has moved me to Bing. 
I guess 14 years of customer service experience is good for something after all.
Once again if you base your worth/purpose on some base primal act, you're pathetic
What a pretty young lady
The coolest of beans my friend
It's all good. [NAME] was at my door 5 minutes later, and amazingly, didn't drive away between me seeing him, and walking downstairs. 
You said that it is a fact that [NAME] is a rapist based on the testimony of 1 person. I merely stated the same argument based on your logic.
Gotta cast a wide net to get those sweet, sweet clippings.
I agree. I could tell she was really upset.
I keep seeing you around and I love the art. I really want to get into drawing but I’m only good ad heads and faces.
I want a Doritos crown, too!
Yeah, my bad
Illegal workers have no rights, no recourse to the law in the face of mistreatment. Abusive employers like that.
>Congratufuckinglations Good one! You got a good chuckle out of me.
You nailed it!
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it think.
You sound fun at parties
And there's good reason for that. The SD is absolute shit
Omg this is too good.
A classic question. He wanted to create to share His love and existence.
I’m sorry to hear this. Unfortunately online dating is trying to find the bits of gold in a pile of pyrite
I don't play assassins much, but I love playing Rat.
I find sativa makes me paranoid/anxious as hell. Indica calms me down more. Smoking too much of any strain makes me anxious by time though
As someone else has mentioned it is not theft technically. So that will probably only cause more problems for myself.
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. 
Bears are empathetic creatures? lol...
That poor girl. She wants to run in the rain and her mean ole momma won't let her. LOL
That sounds pretty good
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.
Thank [NAME] you used this prequel quote and not, “You’re exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.”
"Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of ""The Good Place"" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. "
Ya, because it’s funny and relatable
Braindead people blocking lane is pure cancer. But the most horrible part of your story is that you got stuck in checkline line for 10 sore minutes.. Wow.
that was a horrible fix
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.
Honestly just tired of this shit, people who'd rather see us tank than push for playoffs. Literally want us to be the fucking Suns.
No offense, but your parents are assholes.
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.
I just never felt like a boy. I hate my body and I just feel like I can't express myself for who I am.
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.
Spending the day with family in beautiful Bowral 🌿
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it
Thank you. This is well-written and it’s really helpful.
i agree to kill all children
Ok so how do I put money on this? Because I do not see Mac shelling out the goods to make that happen
Yep, sure is. Have things gotten better for you, though?
Me too dude. Nice video for what it was!
I’d want him to keep whatever gimmick this is it looks interesting
Happy cake day
It isn't complicated at all. You are growing up. Congrats.
This is amazing man. Congrats and keep em coming
There’s a cat sitting on my lap right now she’s so cute
Please stop cussing.
OP inserted the F into “of” to make “off” and now it’s truly upsetting.
And she jumped into sewage. Yeh, no.
Let their deaths be swift
I love that
Wow you're so moral you've changed my outlook on remainers
Reddit is so right wing I can’t even believe it
She should be FIRED
No. You are not.
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much
>Not all 70% of the filthy [NAME] money is gonna be taken. ...unfortunately.
I like you both.
Shit dude I thought I was Mr. [NAME]? Here have some beans lol
At least there’s still more likes than dislikes
So true it hurts.
Say what you want about me, I can take it... but stop slandering poor defenseless [NAME]...
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.
That's if you make the smallest payments possible, but if you just need to float a payment, then they will work. 
“We only let him jump around for 12 hours a day!” Wow. I’m so sorry this is happening to you.
Honey is a cutie! My aunt and uncle have a dog named Honey too. 💗
I tell them my wife died in a car accident 10 years ago and I couldn’t fall in love again. I’ve never been married.
I am the proud owner of a Vernon Gholston jersey. My wife got it for me as a Christmas Gift our first year dating....
I think you also underestimate how big Chelsea has become, especially in the States
I am loving this exchange. At first I felt really really insecure that my sister and I are best friends and now I realize this person is ridiculous.
Sure. We can back another vote if it's found out that remain was illegally funded by [NAME], constantly lied.
Woah woah woah... people have different taste? Stop trying to give me some perspective!
Thank you! Do you know what agency would be interested in this information?
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.
Yeah...itd make people's lives easier if I was dead but didn't work out so here we are
It looks like it's from the Molecule Effect on Santa Fe. Great quirky spot!
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.
Well that’s not what was said he said drugs that kill you sooner than your meant to die.. nicotine fits that description
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.
I know, this weekend was absolute worse case scenario 
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. 
Congrats to you!! So happy for you! wow socks is sooo nice!
Yikes, what a loony bird.
Living is exhausting.
I like how the [NAME] stood there like what the fuck and then just accepted his death.
Good. Thanks everyone but finnaly some reading material. Many thanks
Hates the patriarchy...has an iPhone designed by a man. So hypocrite can be added to the list of bullshit that makes up your personality
You got shafted.
I think he's a lustful, gluttonous, greedy, lazy, wrathful, envious, and prideful man. 
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.
I would think terrible, awful things.
Wish you good luck
The denials is crazy in here
This qualifies as emotional neglect. Just, to be clear, that is a form of covert abuse and is not okay or normal.
oh gosh i heard about that and though it was absolutely disgusting
i luckily became really good friends with one. we definitely helped each other process our pain from him... so surreal how well they spin those lies
I agree. Verbatim.
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.
I got the exact same message from tati yesterday ! She said on her twitter that it's definitely a scam
r/UpLiftingNews Edit: I just got banned for posting this there.
No, he’s been with more women than I have been with men. He loves sex and has no problems with an erection. 
I like all Star Trek. I hope they end up switching directions now and make new movies that are more about exploration.
Nope, try to keep up.
i wouldn't take that significant of a pay cut. you should keep your job and do your creative writing on the side/free time.
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. 
Probably stop school shootings hehe
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.
Omg! That's awesome thank you so much!
Which you ultimately pay for in higher insurance premiums, court costs, etc. Dealing with big problems like this is a net positive for everyone.
Wow I can't wait to use okcupid to get myself a nerd/loser girlfriend who'll eventually become fat
Its a weird thing they do south of the border... they throw flour at each other. No idea why that's a thing.
Very sure they are metal.
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy
Oh no, not again! 
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...
I respect your laziness.
I wish I had seen this as a teenager :(
My first Hawks jersey was #81. Praise be.
Ah, I love a quality rant, OP. Please keep up the good work! :)
I want 10 - 0. This organization deserves the embarrassment.
I agree with the last paragraph, it isn't there fault the other side didn't want to participate though. 
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist. 
"Claims to be ""against sexist [NAME] bros"" Hires a sexual abuser as her top advisor"
Wauw! Those weapons are awesome!!
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
Why is this downvoted? It’s right.
That was my first live Lions game (British and flights to DTW are expensive) I've never gone through so emotions in such a short amount of time
[NAME] probably won’t like that lol
Crafty little bastards.
For the night is dark and full of terrors!
Oh [NAME] it's [NAME] against dinosaurs again
Lived in multiple cities across the UK, never seen a bus service as consistent, cheap and generally amazing as Edinburghs.
np, good luck
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.
Wish we got power plays regularly.
Thank you I appreciate it
Well fuck my kids then
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one
And when I went to your moms house she told me about her super awesome witty son.
Worrying what other people think is what collectivists have brainwashed you to think and feel. You are just a coward making excuses for your cowardice.
21 million went to [NAME] throughout his tenure…ridiculous
No, treating it like it’s obligatory just means it’s a standard I have. People are allowed to have standards. 
I’m *BEGGING* that they get it right by the time [NAME] shows up.
y'know, I should try that haha... (music gets depressing) ha
What a terrible list
I wouldn’t call Sargent Peppers underrated by any stretch of the word
They do not need to. A majority of the vox populi think like you do.
Well damn.
Aren’t people on the internet the best! I don’t blame you for deleting, no time for negativity in this life. 🍻 
This is the scariest thing I think I’ve ever read on here. That is just so horrible.
I would like to suggest one that's like Would You Rather. More of a dark comedy but oh so good. Cheap Thrills is amazing
Technology bad!
Im so sorry
Ah ok, nice one. Thanks.
Welcome to racial integration, where your civility standards are racist and you better shut up or else.
If you’re you and comfortable, you go, girl. 
Oh good point! I bet the farthest they go is reporting to credit agencies. Which still sucks but he can always fight that outside of court.
wow great news . happy for him
Yea we’re actually pretty efficient on offense considering our personnel. Way better than I expected. The defense is just historically bad
Wow. If it shows calls on the bill then what good is it? Glad I asked...
Guys his username is [NAME]. I really don’t think he’s serious.
Wholesome and hilarious! Good job OP.
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point
Holy shit.....just holy shit
I would see a doctor asap and get to a psychiatrist. Hallucinations of any kind are worrisome.
I have a feeling this is gonna get really crowded, and end up being a shit show with such short notice for everything.
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. 
im glad to know that it's not that likely that I'll be sent immediately. thank you for the kind words :)
I read it as him taking her virginity. Raping her...unless it was consensual and she WANTED to lose it.
Grandmas knees are burning up
Could do even better by kicking out anything north of Cambridge or west of Oxford.
I'd be happy to make a donation if you've got some left!
I mean, two times zero is zero and that can be a guarantee :D
I don't know why that omni-directional treadmill in Ready Player One still isn't being mass produced.
No, just dont show off your books. 
That's how you think hes trying to input something. Glad it was my way home.
That's some creepy coincidence, then! Maybe I'll find my Donut twin on here one day! 😮 One can only hope...
Just watching this happen upsets me ~_~
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!
NOO HES SO ANGRY
Damn i guess people shouldn't steal. Or smoke
He's being so unprofessional. He's out for blood for some reason.
TIL [NAME] is a real girl
Definitely don’t rush. That’s how unfortunate decisions happen, and then you’re linked to that person for the rest of your life.
yes, because I like her already anyway
[NAME], I could’ve written the last part, and the first part serves as a potent warning.m that I needed to hear. Thank you.
Imagine thinking this comment was ok to post. Shame on you.
Those got me once when I was about 6 because I wanted to go up two steps at a time. I still do that to this day...
Why is it that young girls seem to idolise serial killers? I had a friend like this and never understood the attraction. It's scary
Not tryna plug or anything but i use InShot to crop my videos and it works fine It just makes me hurt inside seeing a screen record not cropped
I CANTTTT😭😭😭. That's as bad as you said, it will get better friend. r/oldpeoplereddit.
[NAME] was the best, sweetest, most deep-feeling man to ever be on the show. I will fight anyone who says otherwise. 
Ugh, thanks. I'm still working through it emotionally 😂😂 so funny about worrying over the stain! 
Wait did he actually do this? Seems like it would be insanely disrespectful to you fellow craftsmen.
Yeah it can feel a bit weird but I feel like Cali girls use dude for guys and girls so it's not an immediate L
Try to keep yourself busy with other things to forget the thoughts.
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. 
Maybe its the picture but the fabric looks really bad
Hurts donuts are dry. i love the toppings and suffer through the bottom 90% of the donut, really not worth it. 
"Im not saying it wont be self titled, I could totally see that. What just asking how he knew it was ""fact"""
Kraft is the wrong kind of ass though. Even the generic stuff is better than kraft.
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love
[NAME] was attractive physically and got a match. [NAME] wasn't unattractive in his behavior and got an invitation for sex.
Oh so it is a separate guy filming, it’s actually impressive how synced up their speeds are
Shoot i posted this in the wrong place. Here you are several sources. Happened last summer.
4-25 against teams with winning records. 0-7 on Monday Night Football. The guy can't show up when it matters.
This is not a good relationship. It doesn't seem like she is ever good to you, only manipulative.
Am an FX artist. This is fake. Scar wax gives it away so badly.
Argh. The most stupid and needless abuse of power teachers do. Some particularly stupid ones at least.
He got It from his moma
You are actually an idiot. Not it is not a proven fact, it is a biased stereotype. It is definitely derogatory. 
US labor laws are fucked up
Yeah probably should've chosen a better sub, but I couldn't think of one
I'm sorry but I would've have pressed charges on the guy who kicked me in the ribs while I was being held down.
Patience. Give it another day or so. Send a text telling her you enjoyed her company and wanna do it again. Hopefully she responds
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!
This is the worst meme format in the history of meme formats, maybe ever
This is nasty NSFW
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.
As funny as a sinking school bus.
Worst radio ever.
I am real excited for this, I just hope they don’t ruin it.
Your uncle sounds fun. RIP indeed
Great idea! So he can get arrested or hospitalized or both.
Yeah I agree people on reddit are so extra it's annoying
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!
I'm sorry but as someone who travels alone I would be pissed if I was told I can't drink at the bar by myself.
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.
This entire discussion is very unnecessary
I'm all for finding ways of reducing gun violence but this seems to just be arbitrary and capricious.
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!
One of things I loved about this subreddit is the use of the old school meme format
I'm with the photo guy. It would be an awful feeling to watch your date flirt with some other dude ON YOUR DATE.
Yeah people used it as precedence. That’s very sad. What’s your point? What abhorrent treatment?
He gave his 20 year old ex herpies dumped her and she killed herself. He’s an awful person
Cognitive Dissonance. Big problem in our society.
To be fair, the world (especially politics) has been kind of a shit show since 2016
No. I'm just against forcing your beliefs on people who aren't old enough to distinguish reality from fiction.
Oh you just love to see that
I bet he took down his USA flag to put this one up instead lol
It is true. But the real reason for the problem is the selfishness of the people.
The best thing about it is that it's tons of people that didn't know he existed 2 months ago and have never watched him play.
It's the first two themes in the themes section lol - what game did you get :)
That's so great! Plus it feels good to know I helped Pfizer make $5B last year on Prevnar 13.
I love [NAME]
Thank you! Much appreciated, as promised.
im in love with this comment
Block her.
Just get on good ol reddit and have the nice people decide what you do.
Alas, Windows, so I'll go a-hunting. Thanks for the info, though!
If you don't patent, then don't complain
this is the perfect example of something that is a terrible combination without being outright disgusting.
Look at you, Mr Independent! You're such a big boy! I'm so proud of you!
To bad trophy wife doesn't have 4th place.
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. 
They weren’t even that good mostly don’t @ me
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.
[NAME] is a fantastic player, but would he be a regular starter over at Juve? He needs to stay at Arsenal.
I feel like people who post these are too in denial to realize it looks like a cry for help
Damn I never had to wait that long. Then again where I live is a town more than a city so much less busy etc
[NAME] FINALLY fournier, [NAME]
No. Arizona would be more useless than Italy. Let them win their own battles first before they help us fight ours.
Yeah, might just grab a coffee and be done with it.
Please tell me that [NAME] never said this.
Yeah there's no reason to believe you staying up as a kid has anything to do with your current insomnia
They’re usually not great actually. I’m shocked at this post. Must have gotten pointers from the Bills social guy cause he’s great
Do you feel better now?
You are correct.
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism
I hope you and your retarded phone have a nice day!
Alright dude just fuck off ok, it's not the funniest thing on the internet but it did make me smile so in conclusion fuck you
To be fair, they did call it a horror. 
"Ahhh a fellow atheist, I used that in the standard social meaning but no intention of meaning ""god"" would actually bless you lol but thx "
[NAME] actually just released an awesome video on the self help industry and it's relationship to these folks!
Don't stop cold turkey. It's dangerous and you can have deadly seizures. Taper down if you are going to quit any benzo.
It never ends well
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well
Honest to [NAME] make it stop, it's old news at this point omg.
[NAME] good one i like that
Ladies and gents, I present to you, your typical anti-gunner.
Yes it is child abuse. It’s sexist too.
Another reunion pic!!! made me lol
You sound like a douche.
"""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER
I have endured worse.
Thanks for the laugh
Don’t worry it will work at some point haha.
Bet you don't even get £400, you probably only started this thread for some attention 
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.
What the FRICK
What the hell
That has literally never happened.
I really hope you're joking
Heart breaking* sorry haha
Thank you, love. You too! ❤ It's nice to find kindred spirits.
I’m so glad you had a lovely time! And you gave so many other people a good experience, too!
more like consistent*winner*, i hope you find a lasting happiness
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock
Dragon bender has even more negative value than [NAME] haha. But yeah, they’d need atlesst a 2nd for [NAME] crossover 
my brain hurts...
Polyamorous ain’t a sexual orientation hon
Who would have thought ! I'm glad he didn't shoot someone on his way down !
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. 
Ok but who’s gonna take one for the team and make their flair “eats Xanax and moves on”
Infatuation and love and really different and I've found our the hard way, wait a couple weeks before using the big L word Nice tho :)
Aww how can you hate the little darling, it's so cute 
I told their kid that it was okay to be upset. (He was anxious and I was validating his feelings.)
Sorry thought you were the other guy that said it was a privilege.
Actually this is very clear thinking. This is the best answer on this thread. Thank you.
Wow. It looks really good!
Overall I'm 'gifted' but my processing speed is still below average
It's showtime!!
[NAME] is the greatest player to ever pick up a basketball
Of course he loves you! You’re his sugar momma. Seriously, ditch the bi*|€. You can and should do better. 
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past 
In the comments he accuses the account of being fake and she proves her identity with photos and a link to her instagram. This guy is astoundingly pathetic.
No worries. Glad you like it
No wonder crime is going up if these morons are in charge.
R/sleeptrain Might be time for some sleep training. Take a look and try to feel out what's right for your family.
[NAME] bless you, fellow [NAME]! What a wonderful testimony of the changes that [NAME] can make in us. 
So cute! This lady thinks you're hot!
I hate having to take my shoes off!
What a sad end for this franchise. I doubt Fallout 5 will redeem it at this point... what a damn shame
Thank you xo
Carmichael is near the bottom? Find that hard to believe. [NAME] just under McDaniels? Words cannot accurately describe how inaccurate that is.
I'm just saying you are demanding things of us while being nasty yourself.
We are sorry but the sympathy you are looking for is not available in your region.
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...
That’s beyond disgusting in every way.
You dropped a ‘want’ in that last sentence my dude
You're simply suggesting betrayal in a different form.
Wish you could choose to just have two bottles of the Pinot Grigio.
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.
We love you [NAME]
I found it really kind.
I had to buy all your music after seeing that vid. Amazing work.
Just read up on that guy, not sure he changed that much since his conversion unfortunately. 
Thanks man I’ll try, you stay strong too!
also Appendix: i will explode whenever i feel like it to cause you pain
OH MY GOD! The PTA has disbanded! Ahh! Ahh! AHHHHH •jumps through window•
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.
Not at all. I wasn't offended in the least. Thanks for the promotion!
Welcome to my world. fml
Slightly too pissed off with this comment to merely downvote. Not angry enough to begin tirade. Lunchbreak ruined.
Lol too funny
Sydney is not for you
It's a really bad attempt to get attention and make people mad, that everyone in this thread has decided to indulge.
Unfortunately no one usually fights for their rights without a martyr
Yes I have been getting my own therapy but this month was a wash for that because of work. Back at it next week.
Weird way to spell Voldo.
I'm impressed! After childbirth, I'm lucky to make it twelve minutes without having to pee...
My thoughts EXACTLY [NAME] looks dead.
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] 
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.
The Republicans are worse though the NRA literally has to pressure Republican congressmen every time gun control gets brought up.
The restaurant business is pretty sleazy. There are a lot of affairs there.
And they could have kids... yeah sorry. I’m dumb
Much appreciated. It's something that has captivated my interest and I have written on a bit, so I have a reasonable working knowledge. 
Just relax and enjoy. We are gonna win by double figures as per usual.
That's so sad.
Her septum is crooked I'm hoping from the chain to her ear, but it's super irritating and I wanna snatch it out her face.
I know Bro! Won't happen again next Jan-uary.
Thank you for the correction. I'll make sure to be careful of that in the future.
Ya! It was a bangin’ movie! A super fun ride with characters I cared about.
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*
Old people sure do love their cable news history
I noticed this while watching it and cracked up... it was so cringey! It was after they watched their wedding montages.
Damn, he sold all out for that kick
except this isn’t true, we know this because other cities do the same thing and see no significant decrease in sales 
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. 
Could be worse, could be funky town
Some pretty dark shit man
It's amazing the advantage that you have when you advocate for the ruling oligarchs.
I forgot i followed this subreddit and now i'm having a meltdown
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.
[NAME] is gorgeous and so are you.
No. EDIT: Shoutout to the fat nerd who downvoted every comment in this thread just because we don’t stan the dancing games lmao
Her track record is pretty shaky
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels
The second overall pick is pretty embarrassing
Really? Hey mods, I have this pain in my lower back just about _here_.
[NAME] didn't want to win though. She got what she asked for
This sum GTA 5 type shit right here.
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.
LOL, I suppose so. All I'm saying is that... you can have a person and make them appealing too.
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?
I hope [NAME], [NAME], and that wonderful, talented, [NAME] QB defeat the Pats.
Those are liberal comments, you fucking idiot. Liberals are capitalists.
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn
I’m on it. Will be recruiting family and friends as well. Thank you 🙏🏻
Interesting how [NAME] leads his team in BPM and RPM every year while not being the most important player. Defense and efficiency matters.
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries
Omg I'm so dumb I didn't even think of it like that.
It wasn't fair on the rest of the list, nothing is good as Tim Hortons.
Mad respect to her for being honest. I like how they consulted a dietician for their article to confirm a diet of cocaine and tapas was unhealthy lololololol.
I wish I could get a lazy Malinois. I love their look and Mal puppies are so cute! But I’m not a run-everyday dog owner.
That is a completely different point, and has nothing to do with nxt or its title being pointless. 
I’ve never cringed so hard
Poor Target didn’t make enough millions during one of the most hectic Christmas seasons I recall in almost 2 decades. Gotta save that payroll though.
I love this man.
He's the only one who has managed anything positive in this game
"How about ""Your rich, you should use some of your wealth to seek professional help. I wish you the best of luck."""
Work like always, but grind that ironman on osrs in the meantime
Beautiful shots. Makes me want to finally take the jump into photography.
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢
Wear you're ear pro kids. Styro plugs are cheap, and don't ruin the concert experience.... but it will save your ears.
No that's communism not socialism. There's a difference between them.
Yes! What the hell is it with ikea? My husband and I don’t go together anymore.
Streamgate works fine for me and i'm not even late :3.
Sorry for the bad formatting
Those women's marches are honestly embarrasing. Most of the people there only seem to claim to be a feminist because it's trendy.
Quit being a crybaby. If this how you handle any criticism then it's no wonder you're alone and will be for quite some time
Lol, thank you!
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA
Happy birthday [NAME] !
Ugh, [NAME]. Gross. 
nah. YOU will get it when you're about 20 years older.
And the douche social media obsessed guy who left the used condom on the side table!
I'm really interested in seeing those other 6
Worst president ever.
Ah, this may explain all the untimely heart attack deaths we hear about for those who opposed the state or whatnot 
I ain’t your pal buddy.
Well... this should get interesting.
I had a blast watching it and am glad you did too!
>@teamYouTube ok and thanks
I gotta say, some of the things mentioned are pretty fun. I mean, at least when your in your 20s. 
 cute, new driver still cares. Come back in 4 months and u will be showing pictures of that bag thrown on the trunk. 
it’s fantastic with reflex or holographic
Indication of questionable parenting perhaps. Encouraging this reaction seems a bit tacky. Not respectable, if we're truthful here.
Don't worry. You'll grow out of Pearl Jam.
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...
No problem here. Bio hardly ever matches the personality
Thank you.
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.
And dedmon is expiring. So he likely would have walked for nothing. Huge win
No clip? Screenshot? Picture at all? Sounds fake as hell
Thanks, didn’t know there was a term for it. That’s how I handled the first and last episode I saw lol
God [NAME] can't come back fast enough. I don't know if the fans in the rest of the league realize how big his loss is
That would be cool
Why thank you sir!
Nobody here says 'excuse me' , it's 'sorry' 
I love it (Blacklock holiday)
Excited for season 3 too. Winter is getting too cold
Thank you, I always try to keep professional (despite their lack of it). I will definitely do Glassdoor
A is just horrifying. If she were to die I’d want her to go painlessly
What's absurd here is that anyone believes a bottle of champagne is worth 34k.
It's this kind of fear that made me make this
Vancouver is such a beautiful city! I visited it for a half a day and really want to go back.
VP pick guaranteed - and the pivot will be hilarious
That lone pube you forgot to take off in the corner lol
Star Wars fans? Backlash? Nah.
The way colt talks in that weird calm voice is like a psychopath. I hate it. It’s so condescending and creepy.
Thanks for the support
well there is something you cant say on this sub consider this strike 1
Great. How about go fuck yourself moron, I’m making a great suggestion for a good reason despite you bitches.
Sad if step kids are nice children I am sorry they are in this dynamic
Hi from a former [NAME]! Enjoy all the snow this weekend, we're barely getting anything in Iowa, which is frankly ridiculous. 
Players need to have Agency over their characters. you did not. total crap. :(
Can you fucking not
Your grad school advisor is an old fashioned idiot You are not. You are great!
Thanks dude. It’s honestly hard to distinguish because it’s felt like who I was for so long
I will, thank you! 
I don’t believe it is part of my credential program. I am going through the IMPACT Program of San Joaquin County Dep of Ed.
"I find that even when I wear a hat, I ""look [RELIGION]"" and get the same hate."
says the insecure idiot who just had to dig through my comment history to try to get back at me. lol creep
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP
Great drawing :)
lol instead of getting blocked he deleted his account and called us all soulless and depraved.
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform
Excellent use of this scene. Your skills and taste border on wizardry.
Oh, okay. Thank you. I hadn't been keeping up with it.
I’d love a new Governor to do it. [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are all talented orators.
I hope one of those staffers manages to find the tax returns [NAME] has been looking for since 2016!
For some reason, I thought this was one of his Bros trying to save him from her.
I didn’t rely on them necessarily. I just dislike chiefs and [NAME] lol
That's true deep voices are sexy.
I went to the theaters by myself just to go see it lol. I rewatched it last night too. If anybody needs a link, PM me!
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!
Whooo!! She waited... then paused the. Went in!! Oooooohhhh the shade!!!!!
Adorable little buggers.
I came here to laugh at memes. Not feel feels
Literally right after I sent it. What the hell
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved 
very long very messy i usually have it in a bun to keep it under control lol
Oh, wow. Hope nothing happens to his arms on the way!
[NAME] was very athletic
Wow great analogy, exactly like that yes
That DJ Wilson Pass was a thing of beauty. So unselfish and skillfully done.
Dying like hero’s. What better way to die than saving the world. You’re right.
Oof, somebody doesn’t like anyone to make jokes or enjoy anything. It least we’re not complete pricks, douche.
Right, and the names would be different.
I never watched any [NAME] films, so. That. 
This is what happens when untrained people playing at being detectives and judges run into actual detectives and judges.
Nice little train journey. Come on everyone, shower up before the tour
The Birds is probably not quite what you are expecting.
... but he LOVES you. Perfect.
It’s because he so consistently lies and states mistruths. Why keep listening to a dishonest idiot?
Hopefully we will se [NAME] at least as a sub. We love you [NAME].
I think peach is hotter but not her attitude ha
American here. Not laughing. Routine circumcision of male infants is a violation of their bodily autonomy. I wish had my foreskin back.
Just woke up from one. Glad to know it's not just me. Hope you have a good return!
C-USA when it had [NAME] was pretty awesome.
Also available on Spotify and Apple Music. Any feedback would be hugely appreciated!
This really shows how young and ignorant most of them are.
I mean it doesn't say anything about comments? Anyways who cares it's a celebrity its his fault.
No I've been here for 5 years :( it's just gotten worse and worse
Get out. And take your facts with you.
Thanks for laugh, I needed that. 
Send your story over to r/nice guys, they'll love it 
"I think you missed a ""ba"""
At least I dont care about any of them.
They've done it before with private law and private militias, dumbass. 
Yep. Two actually. Both older. Brother undiagnosed, sister diagnosed. It’s been a hellish nightmare... 
"To the rest of the world, I would like to say, ""Sorry."""
So I've just read your whole post. Wow. Your mum is a piece of work.
This is why you play runescape as a kid, it teaches how to trust no one that offers free rune plate trimming
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.
Oh we’re TANKING tanking
YES. I have been reporting this incel bottom feeding buttcoin troll for two days now.
Fascinating! Thanks for the info!
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].
If he was from a free pack he's not sellable, sorry
I’m pretty sure it’s soup chef.
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking
Respect for the pedes
I'm sorry *what*
Poor baby :( I hope the snake is doing ok
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help
Just remember to refrigerate it and not leave it out.
Hey its me [NAME]
Stop using that excuse he hasn't been dominant since returning
"It's not ""over"". Don't believe that. Focus on making friends. The more people in your network, it seems better."
Nah they did a good job. It appears you’re very mentally unwell, I hope you get better.
I'd really like to see one of these red-striped zebras.
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man
Thank you for your service in the military and your attempted service in the patrol. [NAME] bless you.
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.
Peace and love, my brother!
That man has such epic face
Oh dear.
RED ALERT RED ALERT
I don’t understand the point you’re making sorry
the trajectory of that is really weird! But [NAME], that guys arm, hand, possibly head is not liking the next .01 second!
Jajaja (hahaha)
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?
Sucking [NAME] pecker! They're no respect for your dignity! Suck it!!!!
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]
Wow crazy. Proud of her
Somehow this hurt more than the Saturday game.
Damn. [NAME]
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx
I’m sorry. It was nothing to be angry about
It’s so fucking creepy
Wow, now I am sad
Except [NAME] is worse
No it's not crazy , there are parts the we still don't understand but for the most part everything mades logical sense.
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!
Looks like the next level of a horror character
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢
hate to say it but nobody outside of saskatchewan has heard of [NAME] either
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.
This is the first time I've finished something so cringey. I'm dead inside, thanks. 
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!
It’s so hard to be a mommy! Chasing kiddos. Work, work, work!!! 
Sex with men is hotter Maybe because society says it’s wrong
One day I created an email for doing online jobs. Then I stuck with the first half of the email address as my secret identity.
I really hate this jersey and it just doesn't seem like a Sabres logo despite being the most accurate to the name of the team.
We put Vaseline on our teeth and lips in theater so our lips wouldn't dry out or stick to our teeth from the lights lol
You're the reason [NAME] won the election. There isn't anything even remotely resembling fascism in the United States. Get a grip.
The irony that most of these disgusting things wouldn’t have made it through the winter without vaccines
Powerful stuff. I'm sorry I gave you this much time and credit.
My empathy to you.
I’m conflicted. I do in fact love wine, but I also love crown, and it would be more cost effective to bring crown. 
Some of us only play QP. I’d like to think QP is just as important as comp.
This is the worst I've ever seen. It really is
Please don't ruin our self-deprecating-humor cope.
Sort of a joke, but there are many reasons. DW says engineer jokes are not funny.
I understand that they're meeting a demand I just don't think meeting that demand is a social good.
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.
>Just be glad he didn’t kiss [NAME] mum. that'd make a good storyline tho tbh
I don't think this makes much sense for Sacramento.
OP, this is the definition of manipulation. Ignore it, I promise it’ll be better for you in the long run. 
>Downvote me, you cowards.
I hope G2 such a great org
I think, call before you come and limit it to an hour is reasonable if you have relatives that need to be told that. 
I mean it’s kind of weird that they miss that part we’re the Bible acknowledges other gods for selfish reasons
The Four Agreements is amazing and life changing. I don't keep that many books in my library, but this one has made the cut.
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in. 
Your appearance doesn't magically look objectively creepy just because you're a creep. You're being stupid.
Thank you this is great, your post has helped as I was on the Mernda line about to get off at Clifton hill
Her parents are all for it, I made a good first impression and they're just happy that she is. Thanks :)
Unfortunately for me you have to be 23 or older to drive for TMC
Thanks now I want a subway!
Your username sort of checks out? Lol
I used to like [NAME] so much him and [NAME] were one of my fave couples but I’m over him and his BS lol
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.
Thank you very much my good sir! If no one else has sent me a picture by then I'll make sure to inform you. Thanks again!
Crap, crap, mega crap!
I have nothing to offer you but my love.
Thanks a million, because I was very much thinking the opposite hahaha
Oh lord, we're about to have a hell of an offseason
lol [NAME] would definitely do this if [NAME] was that dumb to take this offer.
"""I'm a libertarian. I get attacked by both sides lol"" ""I voted [NAME] last election"" Uhhhh what"
But what did he druer? Sorry. (Im not sorry)
He did get 3 stars bro😭
What absolute garbage
The fact that 34 thousand people upvoted that painting truly blows my mind
Great piece, thanks for sharing.
Hahaha, they are so lost
"I felt it once, then I quickly realised I was horribly mistaken when someone better came. There's no such a thing as ""the one"""
I need this in my veins now.
Don’t tell me what to do.
Same here, would love to help. Praying things get better for you and your family :)
I want [NAME] to bite me
I never said you did? I'm just going off the conspiracy that's been going around for awhile about her being a clone
It’s amazing what can happen when they get a good nights sleep
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit
Only 22? Weak.
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid
Yea. That video is garbage.
An extreme strawman example doesn't change what I said.
Being in a 3 person friend group fucking sucks sometimes m8 I feel like the least loved a lot of the time
You dont know how much that boosted my self-esteem right now. Thank you stranger
creepy, the only way to make it more creepy is to leave it on her bed stand table to find it in the morning. 
I don't think you see it in the flames sub... if you do it's probably a joke
Wow you’re pathetic for calling out someone who did something right
Agree she doesn't deserve happiness since she has taken it from you!!
We did it [NAME], we stopped racism
[NAME] and [NAME]. Both are really cute in different ways
cuteee
He gets to watch boxing for free and get paid for it. It's probably his dream job. I'm happy for him! :)
Those women are the worst.
I’m getting visions of bitcoin private all over again. Good luck guys.
[NAME]
You just make her sound awesome.
I’m in the same boat with anthropology. 8 months post graduation. Still no job prospects. Glad I’m not alone
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**
Logan Square also has the most rats (or reports of rats anyway)
It’s such a good show tho
Worst case scenario here is he dodged a psychopathic bullet.
I love trying new foods for the most part
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.
[NAME] ever love the busses
I couldn’t live like this. You should leave.
This would be boring as hell
>She was very normal LMAO This got me
Just legalize it, already. Do it the proper way instead of by executive fiat. I hate the lawlessness—“the pen and a phone” bullshit.
hope he keeps his shit together, he can become great
I don't think that makes for a fair deal. That $100 is far more valuable. It's more of a disposable income thing for me.
[NAME] they need a union so badly.
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
Bro he has always been a bully in the community. He is a pseudo scientist.
It's a miracle! This is how religions start.
I already know what they're dealing with, i just cant help without hurting them emotionally or lying to them
Yeah, right.
Good news. Makes me feel BCH is way underpriced and has a huge upside.
It makes us more determined to tank for Zion
I will try that! I have never really tried balancing exercises but will give that a try too! Thank you.
Better yet, get rid of them if they are non-essential. Why are my tax dollars paying for worthless jobs?
roll a blunt, walk over and strike a conversation.... or mind your fcking business
This makes me unfathomably angry.
I first liked [NAME], but disliked her after [NAME].
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill
Hey, can you post a pic (or many) of the chow/corgi mix? I really need to see it. Thanks. Actually, the kittens too. 
is it bad that i agree with this
Thank you for that. My gf jumped right next to me! 😂😂😂
This shirt is directly aimed at some very ugly individuals
Sorry but what map is Adlersbrunn? Edit: Ah nevermind I see (after zooming in, it is the [NAME] map)
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.
it’s starting to get weird
It's too small of a traffic circle to make sense
Brain dead clearance. Honestly deserved lead. They have been better.
the hate we get in here is palpable.
s p o o k y
Because it's the one right that we hope to never need, at least in the sense of revolt or self defense.
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.
Congrats! How are you feeling about it?
Good for #70 to console the poor guy
We aren't a bunch of Republican puppets like you believe.
Don't do that i think its dangerous
Ashamed of being British
I’m sorry. Your city blows.
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !
Here's a great essay by [NAME] regarding the Skripal farce that I've just run across:
I am so sorry for your loss. I lost my Brother a few years back. My thoughts and heart is with you.
This shit ain't rocket science GateKeeper
Sad but exciting to see him in a place where he might perform well. Hopefully he stays injury free.
Your 17. End of conversation. You don’t love him
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.
Hopefully they realize that anti-discrimination law is immoral and unconstitutional.
Awesome! Congratulations. That is a nice investment.
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.
I would have to imagine this girl has just been training super hard for the past few weeks.
Lol! Taxes are where the soul goes to die. Good luck, man! Get that degree and run far away!
It's become extraordinary, quite.
It's just nonsense. Any truly responsible gun owner respects life more than being tough.
They very clearly state no new accounts can post. Yours is 2 weeks old and low karma.
I didn't like this, not for even one second. 
Shotgun Stories (2007) doesn't have the bank robbery hook, but is about two families feuding in rural Arkansas. [NAME] is great in it.
You could have the sweetest peach in the world, and there is always someone who just doesn't like peaches.
I see Barca fans saying [NAME] is better and I can't help but laugh.
- But mom! I don’t wanna go to school today! - You’re going little shit.
Oh nice I have that one
Might as well try though! Have a good day bro!
no no no you don’t understand! personal responsibility means nothing! it’s all [NAME] fault! /s
Yep.... Have fun
- me when I’m definitely not fine but too embarrassed to admit it
The TV anime series is, at least, atrociously bad and stupid. Is full of deus ex and silly cliffhangers.
Ooh! Ooh! I want to lose more than 5-10 vanity pounds! (...wink wink)
wat u fecker
It's normal school except they sexually identify as [RELIGION]
This is the most fucking sensible comment I have seen in the this subbredit. Have the exact same opinion.
I don't think you can afford a lawyer. If fact, I would not be surprised to learn you don't actually have anything on QCX.
Just added that information. Thanks
I miss the [NAME] and [NAME] love story.
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].
My fav frank songs are white Ferrari, super rich kids and bad religion, I know those are popular songs I just wanna get deeper into his music 
Like [NAME] Dad who was replaced after only 1 appearance, [NAME]
Their numbers seem large because they get so much publicity. But I suspect that even most young people find that ludicrous.
I think she's funny lol. She'd have a better chance at a comedy career than modeling.
Not anymore, haven't heard of him in ages.
sorry, i phrased that wrong. i meant that as a asexual, i get that a lot
I guess your ex-fiance was different huh? That's really interesting. I've never had a fiance before, personally
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right
I really wanted this to be a real sub.
FYI: Time in Europe works the same as in the State. We do not have 'weird time'
It's very common. Same with punching and it not hurting someone in your dreams. Practice more.
If your friend ever decides to go public with their content, make sure to let us know. We're more than happy to promote them. 
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭
"If she is sorry at all. Could be more along the lines of ""I am pretending to be sorry so I don't get fired."""
Lmao that's a funny coincidence
I can when enough time has passed. I've got each of their playoff games from that year and it's fun to relive it during the offseason.
I'm not going to Photoshop that even as a joke because I know someone will find it out of context and take it seriously.
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period
That sub bans and deletes anything that's not flattering to [NAME]. Don't expect anything other than ideology and cult behavior from those idiots.
Keep your head straight, stay on your path, and stick to your guns. 
Don't make me talk about [NAME]... ...
Overhead fans are absolute shit. They literally do nothing but blow dust around.
Funny, but why do I care what his name is?
I hate that I like them...
I am glad your okay.
There is no excess. Everybody gets what they agreed upon. Fake news.
Wow you’re mom is truly living by the love first motto that is [RELIGION].
"If you have to ask ""how to know if I'm ready for psychedelics"" then you are clearly not ready."
I'll admit. I wanted to be upset because I don't identify as a feminist, but also that dress is super cute omg you are very talented
[NAME] was their best player
>you never learn anything ever from university This is not true
Probably overdose in a hotel after losing my virginity to an escort on my 30th birthday
I like you
The first half is able to run on the momentum of being stupid fun, the second half falls apart really quick.
It's hard to care about a woman dying from giving birth when you hate women in the first place.
It’s really hard to watch for some people because of how awkward and... just how stupid [NAME] is in this episode
Do hope you're going to let that poor, traumatised boyfriend know. Sounds like he's had more than enough abuse already
I honestly do not know. Chastise them for their hardness of heart and presumptiveness I suppose. I guess that is what [NAME] would do.
Amusing considering she isn’t a mom.
Reality: someone sees a pet outside and thinks it doesn't have a home, so they adopt it.
Totally forgot that, my bad
Fuckin Finnish spitz out there bud
Truth never changes. Maybe it's questionable to you, but... 
It tore off lol. The bracket isn’t installed on delivery.
Winnipeg Jets regularly have whiteouts, though I don't believe anyone paints themselves.
Having sex with a child in the room is often difficult and boring.
you’re acting mad pretentious lol there’s nothing wrong with wanting to live in Cali
To me he's extremely funny. Love him.
I've been pinched a couple times by it's tiny brothers, would not recommend holding that! Damn! It's cute tho. 
i feel we can all relate
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT 
My hope is gone, too. Sounds like we've both tried over, and over, and over again. When do the realisations hit you?
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode
Do you have the MVP Giambi card? The stats are nice vs [NAME] but he hasn’t really performed like I expected
This wasn't him forcing her to get an abortion or breast implants dude like seriously you are being pretty ridiculous.
She doesn’t even like dog fetus, how picky of her
I just wanna stick my hand in it and grab handfuls and stir it all around lol
The same comedy bit [NAME] has disavowed because it's used almost exclusively in circumstances like this? It's an awful and weak explantation.
Wow did we marry the same guy. My STBX left the state for 3 months with no contact with his child.
They’re as good as tagged
All good... I work alone. Thanks for the info!
I'll miss [NAME]
Buddy... Are you ok? Is there a teacher at your school that's strange? Kidding. Nice post as always.
Society has once again falsely made men look cold and emotionless. You're normal.
I really need to stop taking my guns fishing with me. I keep losing them!!! :(
looking forward to your selfie saturday then
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you
Right before that he called [NAME] for getting barged in the back and nearly kicked in the face. Weird performance. Didn't change the result mind
Yeah I think I'll just push her away, thank you.
This is embarrassing, but while purging I wear a pad or don’t wear pants at all. Eating disorders are so beautiful /s
fuck these dysfunctional, insecure mattresses
sorry mr brolobo
He looks pretty fresh in most everything. Yes homo.
This is pretty bad advice. Do not use dreams own encryption. And do not use things such as igolder
Thanks for saying that, it wasn't easy ... definitely sparked a long period of discussion and reflection!
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.
Sorry guys, accidentally sold 10,000k
The kid you're replying too is a known [NAME] stan lol, he's gonna argue with any narrative that [NAME] is close to [NAME].
Because you're not making one in any coherent way. As such, I'm done. 
Yup. That doesn't contradict what I said- this isn't a derailing conversation that I was starting.
I want a sense of progression and accomplishment in overwatch, something golden guns and skins dont give me anymore :)
Now all we need is to beat them in the playoffs one last time and win the super bowl THEN I'll be able to be happy
I’d rather reply to you, simply because you sound like an idiot
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad
As it should be. No way I'd want my kid crossing 5 lanes of traffic to get to the bus everyday.
Cute and acts like a puppy but sexy at the same time. Totally exists btw
lol, suit yourself.
this is so sad Alexa play despacito
Such a shame. Her butt was pert, cute and perfect in her Vogue days. Yes, I am showing my age.
It's like an instinct for idiots to downvote without even reading a comment first if they sense the word vegan in it haha
"You can buy the full ""girlfriend experience"" with a hooker for way less than 13k lmao."
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!
Wish the blasters were more like BF1
Well this is terrifying.
I, personally, am excited to have another agent to make the lab numbers look pretty while the patient dies. 
you are trying to use post-modern mumbo jumbo deconstruction of words. Go away, idiot.
I'm sure you're alright, [NAME]. xD
You're back but you're still broken.
I feel like people kind of just... forgot about it, somehow? I watched the whole thing and it was a really really fun one
It's going to hit all of us but there it is : no deal. It's high time to accept reality.
[NAME] is giving y'all some weird energy. I wish [NAME] would do that
Poor *wittle* snowflake feels harassed, hahaha. If you don't want people to prove you're a moron, maybe don't make it so obvious.
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...
Wow this was an eye-opening response, and you’re right it helped us learn more, be compassionate and focus on a better well-being.
Wow. No words. America, the land of opportunity!!!!!
My class size until 5th grade was 6 students...wish I had more classmates back then.
I wish this was on Betfair, I'd quite enjoy making some money from Remainers.
Hey.... that's not the wallet inspector...
I gotta say, that was a WELL fought period. I was worried a couple times...
Yep. It's pretty bad having to use work or a paid email and real name on a gaming forum.
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!
"""I don't socialize because i'm unhappy and i'm unhappy because I don't socialize"". -Socially anxious bastard"
They will. The White House gave credit yeste day to Russia and Syria and saod they will finish the fight against ISIL.
At least it's decent pay. Lol.
You can't simply shut a baby up, lol
Ya uh that's gen Z sorry
This is great and Elephant is pretty fun. We went to the clown exhibit last month.
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!
I’m interested in the tactics and positional play lmao ;)
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊
Huh, so there should be no more men's and women's sports, bathrooms, prisons, etc.?
I've got my sticker peeled off, nasty desperate notes left on the windshield, driver door..
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut
What a garbage post
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.
My balls shrunk up looking at that
You might be able to google earth it? I dont know that area very well so I cant help at all. But thats what I would try.
That was 1 scene and I think was more about her sense of powerlessness in the situation
I agree a million percent. People on this sub are way too emotional about ghosting in early stage dating.
Iirc congressional opposition was the main obstacle for closing gitmo. I could be misremembering but that's what I remember
Python2 end of life will be nice, though.
100% communication with an NT is awesome!
That's such a selfish mentality to have.
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. My childhood dog looks just like them, and her name was Brandy!
I've been a huge fan of them since the early days was wondering about this for so long! Glad they explained it/are alright now!
Photo critique? It's quite blurry. But the colours is great, as is the angle. 
This is fantastic! What an incredible gesture. Given the current fears British [NAME] are currently living under, this is a very welcome bit of news.
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. 
We, the fans, are the losers here.
Good luck mate!
""" [NAME] has come down with a terrible sickness which caused him to deactivate his twitter account"" Jeez sicknesses these days get worse and worse. "
No one loves you. Cry more.
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!
You’ll love r/2healthbars
My fault, I jumped to a conclusion. I forgot that savanna cats are spotted not leopard print.
You’re right, republicans are worse because they have nukes.
Youve missed everything.
you have zero evidence that anything in this story is fabricated. your blind cop hatred just really, really wants you to believe that.
Still not as bad as [NAME] not being able to figure out how to push a god damn button.
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.
Oh, that's horrible. My condolences.
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS
My withdrawal was marked as complete. Likely doesn't matter now though with the servers being completely offline.
You've been able to survive going in between tracks on multiple games in the franchise. I've always done it lol
Ah thank you! I just remembered it the way I said. Was never sure if that's what it meant.
NO GOD NOOOO!
i already gave away too much of the secret it's relevant save yourself before its too late
Well that’s horrific
Don't let your high expectations of government disappoint you.
Her accent!! I died.
Lemon cookies are the best
He was afraid of flying
Sometimes it’s annoying but I think it’s at an okay place right now
It’s because their pay sucks. You get what you pay for! Edit: grammar MoFo!
He's the only dignified politician, but it's still bizarre that people can be so enamoured of a literal [NAME]
Stay strong. You've come this far. Keep going.
The argument [NAME] is making is that expecting women to cook is considered sexist but expecting men to shovel snow is fine. It's about the double standard.
The dude was absent in the Ohio State game... IDK I would be very worried if he was the pick.
> I'm sure there are plenty of us who have been through it to. Seconded.
But still incorrect usage of that subreddit. Shame! Shame!
they have died here in canada
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.
Pant full of turd.
If my dog were as ugly as you, id shave its butt, and tell it to walk backwards
You quack!
I wish I could be as cute as that :c
Nope, they still left even though they knew I was going through a rough patch :)
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗
I love this 😂
Well I will get to your disagreements. However you maybe the last FIFO worker that exists in Alberta, however, don't take it for granted. 
my heart melted omg [NAME]
It's so satisfying. It's the little things that makes pubg the best!
Thank you so much for your kind words, I didn’t think anyone would take the effort. 
[NAME] did a photo shoot with the first presidency. Hilarious
That didn't go the way I thought it would
You look awesome in this picture
Sorry this is the first time I saw it, I’ll delete it.
> and the top 20% of wealthiest [NAME] own 92% of stock Well, I hope they had a wonderful December, then.
Haha sorry I’m still pretty clueless about this app
It's embarrassing!
Self driving cars still won't help fix the problem if old people can't afford them
Ah man great memories .. campaigns were soo memorable
Too much sympathy in this thread for a creep who didn't get consent first. I'm glad he got humiliated on tv.
Add to that the balance mess.
and I love him for that
This game is so good, nearly every dc character you can think of is in it
This is so true.
Fucking [NAME] with lazy passes all night long
Then much of the advice here is terrible because it congratulates him on doing the entirely wrong thing.
Beak makes no sense. Well beaks make no sense anyway but this one especially
I don’t even try to make shots like this myself. So I gotta watch other people make them.
Ooohh... [NAME] wouldn't like that!!
To bad your mother didn’t swallow your dumbass
Exactly, if I recall right, the last tall forward in barca was [NAME] no?
Glad to see Hearts fans giving [NAME] such a warm welcome back..
Dont see why she is attractive, she looks like a chihuahua with watermelons on her chest.
Well done. I like it!!
This hurts me
r/puns might appreciate this. I know I did!
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there
Just be glad you’re not his wife
[NAME] speed RL 😂😂😂
Sure you are, comrade. You've met your quota of replies now, yes?
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service
You sound upset.
Only married once so can't be that bad. Not that it even matters
I was hoping they both were gonna hit the ground lol
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.
Oh no this is cute
> Nothing mentioned about him thinking to transfer. That's what this whole thread is about, dork.
Funny that you name her when shes one of the only judges that uses her brain and ethics to make decisions.
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.
Don’t worry, we can be crucified together 🙌🏿
Just read the text of this amendment. I am literally sick to my stomach from reading this. THIS MUST NOT STAND!!
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.
you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!! 
yep. And there are jobs I still would want done, they just shouldn't be government
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.
It most definitely is! You’ve gotta pick some up!!
Looks extra creepy in light of the recent revelations about his campaign.
Stop trying and just do it. Then decide if it’s worth the effort. Otherwise this is just envy.
While I agree, that doesn't necessarily means we should take those 3 in the first 3 rounds. It really depends on the players available. 
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me
Very disappointed to find out that you can’t play NCAA football on PS4. Wack.
you got me [NAME]
Love that he obviously went out there to do weird sweeping strokes in the snow. Those look super effective
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!
You forgot >Having a $1500 debt on LES due to Finance fucking up
Good [NAME] she needs to stop
Yeah I agree, it really is interesting. I guess that’s why there’s so many different medications out there lol.
If you know anything about those sources then either you understand the dismissal or we aren't going to agree.
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.
What a disgusting person she is
Came here to say this. I thank you kindly. Long live America. 😁
That's not how it works
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?
Best pen in baseball, even though I'd still take [NAME] over [NAME].
To be fair he did apologize for that one after he learned what Pride was really about but I still wouldn’t recommend going near his Twitter anymore
No, there’s a ton of people like you in this thread who don’t seem to understand that head glitching does not equal taking cover.
Thanks I love him
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD
Shame the 'all in' doesn't apply to managers. He has hired some duff managers over the years.
I think [NAME] is starting to get too much blame, everybody on the roster sucks with the exception of [NAME] 
They don't want equal rights. They want extra rights.
Thanks nate. If you need any help any time or support I'm here for ya.
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!
Honestly I don't care if they're faked. It's an original concept that I find pretty funny
Sorry man. I didn’t know you were on reddit. Didn’t mean to steal your stuff! I totally would have tagged you
Realize that no girl is perfect for you if you're not perfect for her. I feel for your disappointment tho. Keep on truckin'.
it's horrid :/
None of the movies deserve it and honestly the oscars are a sham at this point.
Happy cake day!
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.
Burn wait someone already did it sorry
“People said I was stupid for stretching out my lobe so far that it ripped. Well who’s stupid NOW?”
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.
As high as ~72% in black families. Truly heartbreaking what the expansion of the welfare state has done to the black family.
yo STOP going on your roof on dxm man you don't want to fall and hurt yourself
old ladies are so wholesome
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.
Wow! Never thought of it this way but that's a REALLY good point.
Yes I would love to see!
Hahaha ;)
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.
At this point I am questioning your sanity, you compare a guy with 40/34 goal seasons to a kid who literally can't hit the net
Thanks :).. My issue got solved :) . YT on Twitter never helps.. they just do the basic troubleshooting.
He's the only legitimate jetpacker
Saw this yesterday and it's way funnier with the whole joke spoiled by the /r/bestof title, for sure. 
Yes. He’s a much better option than [NAME]
This isn't really wholesome
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band
I wish I could make a garden
Damn. Low tech bait bike
Thank you for your service
Any time [NAME] is brought up is a good time for this:
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ
What’s all this meow?
I believe this is called Darwinism - the suicide by Tide pods anyways. The murder part with the blindfolds is just tragic.
This is so sad. #playdespacito
 a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me 
oh i wish i didn't read that, [NAME]
*Rosa..Rosa..Rooosaa, Yeah! Beautiful Rosaa*
That song was epic live
I am sorry for making fun of your username, I sincerely apologize.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh my god.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)
"""[NAME] could drown in a glass of water."" LOL. i actually love [NAME], though. i know i'm in the minority."
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.
Lol... that is awesome.
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.
Lake inle is a beautiful place
Also, he never gets hurt so you can't Robidas the guy. 
I'm crying right now, I don't know why. Doesn't even make me feel anything. 
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?
I need more videos of this cat, love its face xD
"""While we've decided not to hire you for this postion mr. [NAME], we have an opening at the ticket window"""
"Well, actually it is a joke on how mansplainers often start their mansplaining with: ""well, actually""."
What a cringeworthy load of kak this is. Wow I have no words.
"Exactly what I was thinking. ""Oh, I'm sorry, let me just undo that for you then"""
Facial hair ability: [NAME] Looks like [NAME] got a bloody nose a week ago and hasn’t washed the blood out yet.
So now it’s a habit to live in a country without a running government I guess!
How is this cable beneficial to Belgium? Who agreed to this?
good guy kawhi
Being misunderstood really is the worst thing ever! I’m sorry some people are so unkind.
Of all of the fan-favorites from each city, [NAME] being the fan-favorite confuses and annoys me most. Her headlines are becoming insufferable.
Best kiki dance I’ve ever seen
I will dude. Have a good one
Fucking Instagram normies
If you wanna spend thousands for every piece of furniture then sure but a lot of people don’t have the budget for this.
oddly enough, i really like it
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.
Aah I hope he's okay. So glad it's back! Time to get creeped out tonight.
I wish [NAME] son was older so it be possible he did this.
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)
At last, someone I can share this accomplishment with! 
He’s better than [NAME].
Hahaha damn.
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship
Pull that sucker right up to your face
This is awful.
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.
No you shouldn’t. If you recieve income, it should be taxed.
This is an incredible insight I've never thought of before. loyalty vs disloyalty, compared to care vs harm, I mean.
Sooooo happy for you.
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years
I feel you, names are the worst. 
Dude, I'll be your friend any time. Especially if you got Steam/discord. I will link u to our friend group's server.
They played a lot worse on Saturday. Saturday was really, really bad for me.
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.
This is hilarious
you might be more of an optimist than me. hopefully you're right
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!
It was so frustrating seeing him overthrow people every week. I hope he makes that a point of focus this off-season.
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. 
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.
I actually liked them. I love the idea of Conqueror being a rabid and maniac dog.
I highly doubt they would do that in CA. That would put prices at 36$/pack and no one is going to pay 9$/pod.
Just an employee, just stressed that it takes so long to save 10k for example and even that is nothing ! Should of brought more bitcoins
Are you seriously this dumb?
There was no Israel then dumbass!
You're right! I linked the wrong one. Thank
Oh ya, that’s [NAME]!
[NAME], don't fucking front the pass if your help defender is [NAME] he will not help you
You sound like my gf. I'm so lucky to have her in my life.
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.
It pays well and I enjoy it. I travel 6 months a year. For the last 16 years.
I’m a baptist and I laughed at this statement, have a nice day funny boi.
You're an uneducated twat.
I think this is next on our list, thanks!
Ah, thank you
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!
I um like your username
Hmmm.. this is kind of interesting that our name was even thrown into this mix.
Poor Guy. Come back stronger than ever!
"I'm finding it hard to distinguish ""discuss the merits of conspiracy theories"" and ""debating"" those theories."
You're right to be nervous. That happened near my college's campus when I was a student. She lost everything in her wallet.
I think I might like a front end web developer job but not positive since I've always been in healthcare/science
I think we still have a decent shot at the playoffs because the hornets are also really bad but I would rather miss it and tank tbh
Also, popcorn can't build ladders. At least, I don't think so...
They're not going to read their UserVoice anyways. It's a PR stunt.
Its the easiest subject in the whole school, they teach us stuff we should’ve learned when we were 11, it’s so bad...
Wait, apple and [NAME]? Please tell me these fools are all on windows phones 
Nooooooooo I was a student staff member at the WCC and this makes me so sad and angryyyyy
Yes, it's Harbinger, and you can get it in the Cosmic Chest.
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?
Rules say no identifying information
SKYRIM!! Hahaha
Love the Cafe Zoetrope, such a charming place. Beautiful building too.
😭😭 okay. You’re right! I should just like make ice cream at home and get over it.
I knoooow like why do people exist just to make things worse I’m so tired of all these alts/ weird question askers
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals
"He gets criticized for being too ""showy"" in his dialogue because people dont actually talk like he writes. But I love it"
I come up and hug her and say good morning, usually joke around about the dog or something. Nothing negative really
Qwertyuiop makes for a great snack though
That moment when you feel isolated in r/ForeverAlone. Never had anyone like me
aw momma big hugs.
you sound pretty TRIGGERED bro hahaha
You know what’s ignorant? People who spend their free time making themselves look like a belligerent, disputatious assholes. Find something better to do. 
You’re the best grandmother a person could hope to have.
Yeah I had android and was having difficulties but I was able to get it easily when using my gf's mac. Thanks!
I love them, it's so fun to jump around everywhere
Well, we did win the only Ghosts tournament we played together. I think 7/8 with the 1 being a 2nd has to at least be considered.
Thats insane. Someone died like 2 years ago after a bolt got kicked up by a truck and went through his windshield and hit him on 146 in LaPorte
Oh good I’m not the only one. Hello my people.
Assuming it is manufacturer defect, sure. A lot of times, it comes down to the owner not properly caring for their gun.
It says new, but I feel like they should call it 'used.'
[NAME] was the 4th best RB in the game, behind [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME]
AND THEY ARE REALLY ANNOYING WE MADE FIRST CONTACT 30 YEARS AGO AND THEY'RE STILL SENDING US TERRIBLE MINION MEMES
Not funny....
>This game is dying because toxic people like you ruin it. Speak for yourself
I dont even try to land it, half the time if I am flying low a building or the ground will suck me up and destroy the plane
I think only Germany would have this kind of organization skills. Source: Know 2 Germans. Am therefore expert.
Are you saying that's why they went with [NAME]? That's racist
not really. I worked hard to live there, and it was different then. Far cheaper. 
Thanks for the explanation! And lol yeah that’s fair - ‘rag’ isn’t exactly the flashiest of terms!
Oh yah for sure, I am on that page dude. I thought that’s what you meant.
What. The. Fuck.
Dont worry about the other people. Driving is filled with way too many other anxieties to have worries about dropping a deuce in a truckstop bathroom.
Yup. Was so annoyed to see this making the rounds yesterday.
Haha good theory but not the case. I'm completely aware of when I'm intoxicated or not.
I dont think a murder log that survived what killed off trex counts as cute, even if its only 2 or 3m long. 
No, of course, no one has ever had his best axedwarve decapitated in the first goblin fight.
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.
Don't go pushing your shame on others. I pull my weight my dude.
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.
It's crazy I don't get where their finding them
I LOVE this.
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.
That would really piss them off
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women
Yeah I've noticed that. I probably give off Aspie traits to NTs but Aspie like traits bug me
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...
If I say 6:45 they tell me at 8:00 that they’re not coming :(
aww hell no. This fucking ad
I chopped it up a little for you. I hope that helps. I'm not sure I can make that much more concise.
Fitter faster stronger better
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot
Anarcho-capitalism is indeed a joke, yes
Fam, I fucking love [NAME] play. Gotta be the most exciting dude in the league other than [NAME] when he’s hitting everything from 30ft+
The no rape was my favorite part, so glad people agree
"The sound ISN'T mixed terribly like in high school kids and a nice taxidermised bear in the USA, a beautiful day!""."
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.
Entire new coaching philosophy is needed. Enough wasted possessions, contested iso mid-range jumpers with 15 seconds left on the shot clock and terrible 3pt defense.
Seeing something as beautiful as this just made my day today! Thanks for sharing :)
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!
Thank [NAME] can we need more guys healthy
There are no words to help heal your broken heart, but I’m sending you as much love and support I can. 
CIA?... Yes, this one right here.
I actually watched this entire debate just now. Holy shit. [NAME] is a legend. [NAME] would be proud.
A complete lack of self-reflection is a prerequisite for being a [NAME] supporter.
Different doctors have different opinions on who should and shouldn’t be vaccinated.
This is simply beautiful <3 thank you for sharing this, it touched my heart to hear such a wonderful success story <3
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.
Much appreciated! I'll surely come back and let everyone know what I find!
Kids are awesome
>recommending Elite mode to first time players My stomach turns in disgust
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.
Nah, I’m good, just trying to help you out. Have a good one
"[NAME] dude I see [NAME] so rarely that I forget that he's the OG ""Fuck this character fuck this stupid game"" king. "
"I don't drink I don't smoke I don't do drugs and yet still am not ""happy rich and all that people say this brings"""
Thats about how 10% of the US population are lol
This guy should go to HELL
I've tried a whole lot of things, nothing has worked.
That’s one pissed off [NAME]
This made me laugh, have an upvote good sir 
My one regret is not making an account sooner. I lurked for a long time because I felt like I didn't have anything worth saying.
thank you!
Even if I close the app, mine still pings.. It's maddening
Thanks for clarifying!
:( disappointed, i expected to give out personal therapy cats.
That was an old-fashioned Good old hockey brawl! What a fight! [NAME] definitely got the best of him though!
Just sitting in the fast lane fishing for tickets. Ugh.
And he’s been with same org with his former teammates before Vegas. That and highly doubt [NAME] would drop a loyal player.
I just wish she could do this on the show more readily
The adults are a bit drunk and I just got called an anti social bastard Pray 4 me
You look like a guy that could use help pleasing his wife.
Just don't bring up the Manga Carta. Really uncomfortable for my history class.
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.
Shut up you shill /s
This is the saddest thing I've seen today
Id like to see Finland win it. But id like to see [NAME] and [NAME] carry their teams in every way possible to those losses.
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?
I was guessing because you can use the HVAC in a Prius without running the engine. They're good vehicles to live in for that reason
Welp, I'm an idiot. Even better on you for going through the trouble to give credit, then.
Wow! I've never heard of a celebrity doing something so nice
It's the lists fault!
I’m going to say it. Those films are mostly over rated. Boring same old tame CGI stuff every time.
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.
Goose don’t give a fuck
You are right OP didnt think this 1 through
I tried to send this to a friend but [NAME] knocked it away.
That was painful.
Hmmmmm. I'll have to go pay that sub a visit.
Damn straight.
It looks really pretty :D!
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax
It was worth mentioning anyways, the Packers are a special kind of awful.
Maybe but their fish tacos are really good.
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.
Im done talking to you because i can expect better response from a wall. Feel bad for you. I hope it isnt too cold in your moms basement
At least [NAME] got to touch UFC gold. Not many people can say the same. In good company.
i dont think you guys understand it at all tbh.
Hulu is awful for this. The volume on their commercials is deafening.
Klokslag 12 I find really enjoyable, horror movie podcast, Im not a horror fan but I find these dudes very entertaining
It's great, though kind of painful if you ever had dreams of writting/drawing/making a comic/game/novel it hurts a lot.
You know how I know Boomers are trash? They love [NAME].
Stop spreading false hope!
I'm so sorry
Hey man, if you need the Chiefs to lose to bring you any sort of pleasure I get it. But at least be classy about it! 
The acl is somewhere inside yes. Some people also said it was a lateral ligament. Hope he can recover quickly.
Nirvana is a great band but a good chunk of people in their fan base are just awful (underratedly awful)
Memes are going to get fucking fantastic though
Vamos [NAME], keep fighting! 
How incredibly dangerous
It's legal now in quite a few states. People get booze for Christmas all the time. I'd be stoked.
Hahaha and those pathetic elderly taking computer classes. What worthless trash people XD
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!
It's 57% upvoted, which pretty much means most people hate it. 
"""You know, this should have never happened."" Well no shit you dumb ass!"
I dropped him around week 6 and let somebody else deal with that headache
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT
You’re not wrong, the red flags are there. You have every right to be concerned.
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.
Me whenever I wear heels lol I literally look around to make sure no one is watching then proceed to do my penguin like walk 😂
[NAME] died for our shins
FUCK LES BRUNS
They're all the same, all the ratemes are a trap. It's just sad people keep falling for them because its so obvious it genuinely hurts.
im not happy with tonight either but no need to make a bad situation worse by just bitching about everything and anything.
[NAME] why can I relate so much.
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.
he wanted to piss off his neighbor next door that yells at people fir walking in his grass.
Aww fuckballs, I thought it was today :( My bad.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** aerosvision! ^(hug)
I do not, sorry! I am not talented in the ways of making/editing videos.
He doesn't really fit, he is more of a mid range shooter. Plus we already have to many players at power forward who are better.
Plymouth: Confederate flags Diesel pick up trucks Dead factories Heart disease and disappointment
True but still very unlikely, mostly just vocal harassment and maybe a few small objects. Something tells me police will be there
As someone who just drunkenly told his boss what everyone else said about him behind his back, I can agree. 
Intrusive thoughts happen in anxiety disorders, although I'm not sure if that's what you're describing here
Oh come on, you can't mention Psi-Ops without linking the theme song!
Last week was her week. She killed everything about that episode
We need more boards and to create a bit more space for [NAME]. Then we’ll be good.
"Lmao ""guys I was *coerced* into sending her a picture of my junk"". That just sounds dumb as hell "
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!
no, thanks for asking 
If they're not spending this year on [NAME] or [NAME], I have no faith for them to spend on big free agents in the near future
You are welcome! Love to you on the journey!
I know I've heard this phrase before but it's driving me crazy not remembering what it's from Please save me from my torment
I was never a fan of it. It should be a regular foul.
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."
Iunno, I laughed.
They didn't even spell his actor's name correctly...
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo
I guess but we love each other.
Never seen this. Thank you for sharing
we definitely don't need more people on this overcrowded planet.
I could crush him like a bug right now.
Ouch, my heart. I never even thought about this...
I don’t get it :(
That's the best part, I can't even imagine to live forever with my shitty body
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(
This is pretty funny
Damnit - I'm blind. It's 6am here - I should really go to sleep, but I want to see what happens next.
He did tell me we would play catch when he returned so I am excited about that
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.
No one does... that what makes it so provocative.
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.
What an interesting thread you referenced in your response!
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.
That face is awesome!
Pretty sure their subreddit makes one of these for every game. They're pretty legit.
Censoring criticism and discussion is a very slippery slope.
What? I don’t just want to sleep with him. I want more idk... I value myself
Sure you can, but the question is whether or not the kid will listen, or if you will upset the parent. 
If Ww3 breaks out in northern Asia as people expect. It will make things worse for you guys in the states - not better
Did you have to make this picture yourself because it’s just wonderful
Win what exactly? A meaningless game in a very long season to be swept out of the playoffs? No thanks.
Yeah, which is not helping citizens with continued attempted scamming. 
Splendorinthetrash is a genius, undoubtedly!
My problem with history in school is we learned about American history every year, which meant we learned a lot of the same stuff over and over.
Your friend should be disowned by their family
I pray to [NAME] that we will be aware of people's sins in the afterlife when we watch them burn.
Thank you very much! I will get some courage and do this.
"I would say something like ""Hey I've seen you around school... You were in(class)"""
Oh I can't wait until they have sole rights to our game.
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.
"""I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself."" Thank you [NAME]. "
Get some help with your decision. Maybe your church or some non-profit group in your area can talk you through it. Good luck! Keep us updated.
Thanks! Going to try this the next time I'm at work
I love PnR
Fucking hell...
Write down the problems and how you feel when and after you have them. Then take that to therapy and actually get vulnerable with your therapist.
Dear [NAME], please help [NAME] be less disgusting. Amen.
I hate people who have the blinders on when it is one of their friends
Just piss off
Anything is a dildo of you're brave enough
Holy shit it's almost like the PYD is a organization of Syrian citizens I can't believe he exposed them on that.
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.
>I hope that really incredible sex is in your future. Thank you. Also, you should write fortune cookies! 
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan
Thank you. I found out I can return it since they made it heavier than I ordered.
Thank you 👍
Service Ontario isn't a ministry, and I don't believe you're close friends with the heads of two ministries at all. 
“Don’t discipline my kid!”
Now that's ride sharing!
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.
Hopefully once [NAME] comes back, ZAR has earned a spot on the 2nd line LW.
One of the scariest things about being in a cult is that you don't realize you're in a cult.
Bro, this is not what this sub is for.
Oh. Thanks. I was too lazy to read the [NAME] and just presented my opinion. My bad
Thank you! I do so love making people laugh, and when they let me know I did good.
Im on an SNRI, desvenlafexine, and it has honestly been life changing. I have zero side effects from it, whereas SSRIs made me worse 
"Super petty. The story makes you sound pretty jealous and controlling, as well. Especially the ""SJW"" line... It sounds like a 16-year-old incel. "
Definitely not the norm in KY or other bible belt states, sadly. My extended family looks upon my CF lifestyle with nothing but bingo's.
This is really scary. The saddest about this is i really think it will be possible quite soon. :(
Whoa! Very impressive. One of the better photos of Brisbane I've seen in a while.
I draw with a wacom tablet, and I want to be an animator, maybe some game stuff down the line
I saw the video and liked it, but I should say: Man, you almost make me dizzy by moving your head that much. 😀😀
Mr. [NAME] Moderate himself. I do hope the DCCC pours money into [NAME] rematch campaign when he declares.
Wait project players magically become great without showing any improvement who would have thought!!!
Im sorry, my autocorret happened. But i think you can read between the lines? Or maybe just go full r*** :)
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!
I think you have a terrible opinion. Now that we agree on something though this could be the start of a beautiful friendship!
Thank you! I was hoping somebody wpuld post that video since I couldnt think of what to search for.
Cheers for that!
True. I think the only way vegan lab-grown meat could be produced is via self-renewing stem cells which is still a very undeveloped technology
But it's still raping infantry. The case rounds OHK infantry up close. It's just horrendously weak against planes now...
I saw this to, thanks tho :) it helps but not as much as I'd like
How ignorant of to care about the safety and well-being of others! Shame!
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!
I’m on mobile and I can see them. Omg it makes me so happy 😂 never noticed if before either. iPhone btw
Disgusting making [NAME] talk to this fat moron
This is the proper timing
[NAME]? Man that laugh when the captain joked that she can read minds. Kinda embarrassing.
It's not much, but it's honest work.
[NAME] what a stupid job
Yeah i don't want them to know to early it ruins the fun.
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.
Yes, you're supposed to keep it. Like I said, its only when the voice gets out of control that you should start to worry.
Be brave Star Wars fans. You've likely been analyzing RotJ wrong your entire life. OP has it all figured out. Amazing. I love you.
That's not a denial 🤔
Welcome to the party pal!
Unfortunately I'm guessing their toxic attitude will alienate them from others, which will only make them more angry and resentful.
Ok well I hate to break it to you but I'm a magical pink unicorn...posting something on the internet does not make it true
The soviet union was state capitalist? So was china?? Is this deluded meme still alive wtf?! Lol grow up you helplessly indoctrinated idiots
Thank you so much.
Can't make negative comments about her on here dude. Downvotes incoming
[NAME] was my favorite. And I liked [NAME] her first season. They both suck now, so damn hard.
Is that were its from ? All i know is since i was young that is scary af !
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*
She doesn't have to pay anything this is just an opinion of a lawyer. No court ordered that.
Thank you - you may call me daddy.
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.
just speculation at this point but it's not looking good
Lovely day we're having.
so kids never go into a locker room and see adults nude?? i cant believe everyone is condemning this. this is nothing.
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF
I'm so sorry. Read about you getting kicked out at home. That must be devastating
good one. 2 one liners so far.
Famous for his 3-4 Defense
That logic doesn't work. Porn stars make movies knowing they are going to be seen, but it is still objectification. 
only suckers believe this don't be a sucker
Dude, you look fine bro. Even at 26 and still in school. You’re fine bro.
I prefer the term window licker. The pub community loves the taste of windex.
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.
They can't they need a morty dumbness shield
Funny thing is he kind of said just that jokingly in the [NAME] interview yesterday
This is unironically the worst trade I've ever seen.
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]
I actually like my vagina... I suspect it’s actually my husband that is the problem
PM me if you need more info. Good luck! Its tough haha
"I laughed so hard at that episode, I remember my parents coming into my room asking ""What happened, are you ok?"""
Slightly obscure I like it. I’ll add crash.
I watch it 4-5 times every time it comes up. I think there is something wrong with me...
Lol this match was like 1/3rd the time of what I expected
Ah ok I thought by terrific you mean terrific at reducing speeding since (I think) that is the policy objective. Cheers!
Nope. You're a weirdo.
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.
It’s harder when you have kids with the partner.
Stay strong [NAME]
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.
in away that smarter than the average six year old
Right?? It makes no sense she’s horrible
Thanks. Screw the cancellation rate, it’s worth denying <4.7. Good to know!
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. 
> If it was a nationalist reaction to globalism, it was English nationalism, not British. This was and is discussed way too little.
i can also post pics of the receipt if anyone doesn’t believe me!!!
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson
Oh good one. It’s insane to think the last three mvps were once on one team
Wet dreams don't count
Ehhh kill streaks aka point streaks in bfv.. Not impressed. That game is booty water bf1 is way more fun
Just be there for him in the best way you can. Look out for him but also keep yourself in mind. It's all you can do
This is the cutest shit I've seen all day.
I think you may be missing some of the public information posted by QCX employees over the past year but I think your posted information is mostly correct.
Is it something you run into commonly with older adults? Sounds like in some ways it may make your job easier. Thanks for your work!
HEY! Once I was out on my own, I **loved** getting socks and underwear as gifts. My son just realized the same thing.
The worst Alabama loss under [NAME]. It was a good day.
Omg, this is hilarious 
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling
Hahaha, good point
that is not true. I often shoot the rifle round the blast 2 shots from the double barrel. Unless it got changed recently.
hmm... it didnt work for me when i posted it but now it does... weird af
I just saw a snot nosed brat eat a croissant on the subway and got crumbs all over and the snobby rude mom left like nothing happened .
When they touch my arm or shoulder while talking. Usually they do it with no sexual intent at all, but it still gives me butterflies. 
shucci a lil BITCH
I dont think anyone liked 6A apart from the two Slade episodes and the crossover. Most people here consider it to be sloppy
Lmao. Thank God [NAME] lost and [NAME] crushed the souls of these lunatics in 2016
Damn [NAME] let himself go
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).
I feel like he would be most people in a flat out race, those prosthetics look beastly (in the good way).
I wear sweet scents and get compliments from men on how good I smell quite a bit Good thing I love sweet vanilla,Amber,berry scents 
Stop lying to me
Wow [NAME] went cold... can’t wait to see [NAME] find out why!
[NAME]! Get a DAMN good lawyer! Glad you're okay.
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.
This guy hasn't learned his lesson. Bake 'im away, toys!
we were frauded the whole time about how pure she is. turns out she's actually trash.
What the hell did you just type?
That's my favorite! It smells so good without being overpowering.
I was booing loud, so were a lotta others. That muthafuckah
A pencil skirt is tight around the hips with a slit in the back, not swishy. Does that make sense?
"Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add ""biting nails"" and he could star in movies!"
I fucking love ten min power hour xD
"I absolutely love that idea ""BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""
They are angry virgin children because he plays the game like it was supposed to be played. SOT has the most pathetic community ever.
Have fun getting arrested for child porn then! Check your DM’s 😉
I don't think it's that simple. There was a lot riding on making 7 and taking too many risks probably isn't the best answer.
Oh sorry I didn’t realize that journalists weren’t actually autonomous humans that can think for themselves.
Well, exactly that actually, lol. 
They need more with more items because I've never been able to get same day.
Ty. I confessed and they are being very nice to me. My kids are safe and me going to therapy is a plus now.
Congrats dude! I hope my shitstuation turns around as greatly as yours did.
Those cards are so cool
So much fake news.
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.
So, so many hugs and high fives! You are an awesome momma. 
Yeah personally I would’ve brought [NAME] back lol [NAME] always had trouble staying healthy
I got offered a couple of batches. They weren't 100% terrible but I feel like they could've been better so I didn't take them.
Hostile ? I disagree.
I've seen Shot Caller. That's what I've decided prison is... so yeah. Sorry boys.
I would but they don't make anything that fits my needs.
Seriously?! These [NAME] have no common decency or respect for others suffering!
If they are [NAME] supporters who are now reaping what they sowed, the laughing is appropriate.
This is beautiful and accurate
Ones with close ties to SA, anyway. An escaped apostate won't exactly be itching to run home.
No if we tell and kick and scream and have a tantrum that always works.
Your stupidity and your attempt to reframe the argument when the facts are laid out clearly is astounding LOL
[NAME] you sound like my father, I feel sorry for you
Wow first fight in a while where I don't want either dude to lose.
Wtf is a weeb
been there dont remember where exactly it is but so much fun
What the problem? I mean, steak? Good. Doughnuts? Good!! I don’t see an issue. 
Oh mate! Happy days. haha. Yeah I totally thought you were starting a course of Radiotherapy haha. All good
the negative connotation of eugenics is allowing dysgenics which is a far worse fate for humanity
Haha yeah. Are the squat toilets that prevalent? I’m hoping to avoid them when I go.
[NAME] family must be having a field day there today!
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!
I have no idea what your post means but I love your name and you are one of us
" You're lecturing other people and you can't even spell ""Dwig***H***t""."
Shithole universe i mean.
Why does everyone keep assuming that we’ll suddenly sign big name FA’s? This is a terrible idea.
Obligatory fuck the dodgers
I put so much thought into things that often I trigger myself unintentionally. I can be hurt before something has a chance to happen.
"Maybe I'm crazy but to me it looks like she's just giving a ""thank you"" nod"
You've sparked my interest and made some solid points. I think i'll make some calls and reconsider. Thank you!
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?
I wouldn’t cause I already know my area so well I don’t want other drivers with that knowledge
Well I am the son of a parent who legally immigrated from the [RELIGION] country of Turkey so no thanks jackass.
Notley-nomics helps grow the economy once again! Thank [NAME] we have such good governance.
The light socket doesn’t provide any light, so it’s useless.
Wow...Mean [NAME] passed away today. RIP
I don’t see the yes yes yes yes part. Just one big no.
Beautiful!!! I always accidentally miss the 45 S exit at this location.
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!
No. It’s creepy.
She shouldn’t have to fight a male.
What’s irritates me so much is that rework ideas like this do all the work for ubi, yet they still won’t do it. 
Thanks for comin' out.
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Thank you! My Bravo blog is
I solo climbed to Master as main DPS with 60hz. It really doesnt matter.
That was so damn cute. She looks just like [NAME] and I bet it just melts his heart to see how mature that girl is
at sunset i want to bang my wife there on the rock
Is it weird that I was practically drooling while watching this
This is why I love baseball
I really like this.
I have seen some terrible minion stuff, I thought I've seen the worst of the worst. I was wrong...I was horribly wrong.
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎
Pro? Everyone does is and that makes it even more rude.
You're beautiful! Your sister is a great photographer too, this photo looks so natural! 
You don't get to decide what is discussed in this thread. You are not in charge here.
Stop master debating, you are making a fool out of yourself. It's concerning.
Well it didn’t work that well, I mean... they lost
> this racist rant. Pretty amazing to drop the N word while trying to talk about incivility and decorum.
Congratulations, there are success stories in this group. Forge on with your life but watch out for other (jerkfaces). 
Yeah this angle is nauseating.
bruh is trash and has been for a long long time. y'all won. congrats. see you in Death Valley.
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset
Oh yea [NAME] from Danganronpa 1 is great too, a cute hacker girl and one of my fave charas from the franchise! ✨
She reminds me if [NAME]. Half haked pictures with vague sayings. Ugh
She looks like a [NAME].
Yes. Some things are simply not allowed.
Guy looks like average [NAME] at the gym. Reddit acts like he the new anabolic king 😂 I will go back to my cave now.
I looked this person up. She’s a real doctor
You can't just ignore [NAME]' cup wins though.
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love
The Internet is a weird place.
Happy New Year you wonderful mummy you! I was thinking about you today and hoping you were doing okay ☺
Struggling to get the basics with a $1,000 phone. Y’all need a reality check 
The man and dog have been spotted running past [NAME] and nobody is helping! I would help but I just had my nails done.
Lol i control your life gooferton btw open your chatbox
this is just brother and sister but with extra steps
Because it's a rejection of oneself, rather than acceptance. It's an expression of insecurity. It's not healthy.
She has major SB😖
Pretty sure he's by far and away the biggest asshat on this sub lmao
True, but it all started under [NAME] and will get even worse if Labour manages to get into government. 
They also have the best lemon bars!
We haven’t had much luck either. We wish you and Aunt [NAME] the best. Stay strong! Thank you for the kind words.
Why shall I? It’s too much fun reading comments written by distorted bubble people ;)
> it’s a low f-ing bar lbr It is indeed. But I am glad that you found a man who doesn't want anal.
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.
Holy shit I was so anxious reading this. I’m so sorry
Yep. Tough week for [NAME]. Not shooting well, first ejection and fine, ripping out jerseys, first triple double and the DSJ drama. 
Drink the kool-aid! Lol
I don’t get why you don’t post that hog.
BNW is scarily accurate if you ask me.
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. 
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.
I was hoping this would be a case of r/maliciouscompliance It was close.
This is legit an awesome idea. There’s a reason rifles are shouldered like that. Makes it easier to stabilize it. Stability is important in photography
Maybe, I'm just saying that there are players with more talent out the gate than him.
My misunderstanding, I thought you were questioning why people thought we needed a change.
"Or talk like this. No one describes a super-computer like mind as ""intuitive."" It doesn't even really make sense"
WE can't always have what we want. I see them losing.
that doesn't make any sense at all.
thank you! This is what I thought she said as well
Yeah you’re right, I’m not fit for the position! Thank you for giving me the right words to say. 
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.
Nervously laughs in anxiety
Whenever I have felt it would work. I wasn't always right but it never hurt to ask.
Interesting!!
Yes he is a hard worker for sure. Just wish he could get his shot back on track.
Thank you for this!
Decent idea [NAME] have an analog shot to see what to do...
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs
>Bad request. this is some dank-tier meme that I'm not authorised to see, thanks [NAME]!
Thank you !
Fair enough. I would suggest practice but it seems you've got that under wraps. Gd luck out there.
Damnnnn nice feed bro. That choke throw to the spin attack was on point.
But OP said her life is ruined because 'muricans are bad.
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.
>a Thursday night rampage that killed the 22-year-old officer and shot up a surrounding downtown neighborhood. Not exactly a constitutional standoff with the government
No, so it's not our kingdom
Bringing it up now because you and many like you made this sub a hostile environment for voices of reason. Eat crow.
You're the best !
Because I suck at lying and they will have to find out about him eventually
Yeh your right a bitter parra fan, have fun with norms him a bell end will get on fine
Are they jealous that they are playing a better sport.
Honestly I’d believe it. [NAME] seems stuck in that high school mentality
True, haha. Anywho, have a great day.
You gotta make yourself happy when no one else does
Thanks! That was an interesting read. Seems there really is a city where they built more homes than there were people to live there!
I love how all of you toss the blame on [NAME] as if [NAME] isn't just as responsible..gotta love revisionist history
Yea ok.
Thank you for being open to self reflection and for sharing this.
I like your baby😍
That is the end-all and be-all of the situation. if you feel upset or insecure you should definitely be creeped out as he's doing it.
this is a truly remarkable and informative documentary, and well worth setting aside an evening to watch. 
Sorry if I’m late to the party but when does the new season start? I’m getting withdrawals! Happily ever after that is.
Thank you.
Hey. I like you
HAHAHAHA!!!!!
I love [NAME]. He's another great option for 6th man.
Great job, now let's get two points.
Not guarantee. Only increased risk with time.
I hope you everyone is serious about not being a bulls fan anymore. Get out of here if this is what ends your fandom.
Don't blame me, I voted for Kodos.
"I'm so disappointed you didn't include [NAME] ""I'm standing under the source of the bull shit"" [NAME]"
Yes Thank you ! Someone might try to sue me because they pulled out and got pregnant ... use full body condoms if you think Facebook should support your baybeeees
I’LL SEE YOU AGAIN NEXT TIME
digitally executed lol.
I'm disappointed [NAME] never plays guitar again.
It’s crazy that people know this and yet rake [NAME] over the coals for not wanting to talk to [NAME].
Cholent powered rockets will fly men to the moon'🎶
Me too! I don't believe in likes or karma points, but I know other people care and it might be the highlight of their day.
His last post to T_D was to try and rile people up to get [NAME]
This is straight up depressing
nice ideas! looking good.
Bhahaha! I’m sorry, that sounds awful.
I like Abram wayyyy more that Rapp. I hope we can snag Abram so we can use our first two picks to fill other holes.
I’m so sorry. <3
I have adhd whats so bad about it?
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.
lol a milquetoast anarchist’s take on Marxism
The Netflix documentary about [NAME] absolutely sucks. Don't waste your time.
Skin starvation is a real thing. People can actually go crazy without social physical contact. Take care of yourself OP. *hugs*
I really like this play on words.
"You should check out [NAME] ""thank you God"" "
Well you needn't worry about it I won't be coming back to that floating turd you call a country
good luck buddy
yep. Sucks don't it? You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. 
The fact that big corporations that made their successes off capitalism are embracing Marxism is really disturbing.
Fuck me, that is good. 
Seems like every season she is less hot. Too bad
Man, and I thought the princess and the toad was an odd story
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.
Aw poor kid. At least he has a bomb-ass name. Too bad he probably doesn't remember it anymore.
Ha, I just saw that highlight. nasty
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.
I’ve never heard of this website! Thanks for letting me know.
[NAME] has shot the three well the past few games. great to see
When the caterer found out [NAME] was going to pay the bill out of his own pocket, perhaps they declined the honour.
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.
Cheers, girl! But yeah, he could return her, but no refund or exchanges for him! 
aha my favorite reply :)
[NAME] is an arrogant schmuk but he’s good at what he does.
Last nights euro run had over a foot for most of the area lol. Its probably overdone but still crazy
Fuck it, it's time we spend not adding to the debt
Struggling to find :(
There’s a reason southern states have a massive teacher shortage. Please do yourself a favor a consider that before you take the leap.
He will, I feel like it's Christmas Eve and I'm waiting for [NAME].
Sorry I haven't been keeping up to date, what happens next week?
So edgy.
> Get used to it, the cons are back. I just wish that they were pros instead of cons
Oh don’t get me started about halo, the glory days
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!
Everyone who supports him knows. The [NAME] need educating.
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.
[NAME] has been a lot better since he stopped doing Xanax with [NAME]
The main reason I left is a hidden mmr used to influence matchmaking in a mode that requires a paid entry. That's disgusting
I got second hand embarrassment so hard my face is still red after few minutes of glancing at one of those google docs.
yes, also most donut shops like those are cambodian just fyi.
Yeah thanks.
But this isnt about a comic book movie. It's a cartoon. Also this is a right wing website...so how does this not count?
You came at me with attacks, so no, you get NOTHING!
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.
[NAME] has really given his all in the second half. He must be exhausted
She has some really good dance moves honestly!
I want a pizza flair!!
You went from hot to hot, that’s crazy!
Ahhhh [NAME], you’ve done it again.
"Really didn't like. I thought it was nasty and mean-spirited. ""[NAME]"" on ice it isn't."
I tried to write a cheque for a fare when I was a teenager. That did not go down well.
Ah that's so cool!!
This is a very long story about nothing
These are some of the best movies to watch high (esp Butterfly Effect)
You're a horrible person.
Thank you! Does anyone actually if you'll be able to buy this (outside of Japan)?
That’s actually interesting to me
Everyone makes the NREMT test sound like the devil. It really isn't that bad.
Cute. 💖
Fuck yea!
> They are working on something new... TLWGAS. I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm too dumb to figure out what that stands for
Awesome! I'm really excited. Are you there too?
This might be the most NYC fit I've ever seen.
"I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks ""by-my-self"" is how to write that."
Thank you, and same to you. I was a single AP once, it was lonely. Do you see other people?
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!
This is disgusting. *secretly gets horny* I've had it with this sub. *opens new incognito tab*
I don't care about him at all. 😤😤😤
I am having fun haha :D *creeper mode on* jk lol
I loved this place but I would only go for the big Blockbusters. It was the best IMAX theater in Minnesota hands down RIP
Definitely not. It would be so boring to have no chance year after year.
You are wrong.
I’ll buy it i don’t care
damn, i always get in on these too late
It hurts to look at it
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]
19??? Yikes slow down, enjoy yourselves and figure yourselves out. Not an age to make big decisions like that, I say at 24...
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.
Oop my bad
Too bad he endorses seiko, this wouldve been a great ad
Absolutely not! If religions didn’t exist on this planet, we would be a far more advanced society.
movie sucks do yourself a favor and watch the Infernal Affairs trilogy they bastardized
Take the child from them! Wtf? Theyre so dumb. You always secure the kids seat!
Son of a bitch... here we go. Can't just stand there guys....
Thanks! Fridays...and Saturdays...and Sundays...all gonna be long, lol. Ack!
I'm happy for you. May you and the boys have many happily ever afters!
This is awesome. Thank you!!!!
If an addict gets clean of booze/drugs, you congratulate them! What a horrible crabbycrab to try to shut down someone who got their addiction under control.
I love him!
So..... it looks like dude is willing to break his own neck to help a vegan who is choking.
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.
That’s not proof.
Yeah, I just visited there and it seems more disordered than this sub... Strange
This’s didn’t hold up too well.
I'm not white.
He will the author already spoiled it in previous chapters.
[NAME] i really hate entitled people. Upvote if you think that EPs are worse than Antivaxxers.
People’s shame and cultural oppressions regarding sexual behavior is responsible for all the world’s woes.
Been saying this shit for years. Sorry not sorry
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year. 
He’d probably be on best behavior... for a while.
Nice, thanks!!
Happy cake day brother!
Dont worry, they are the best surgeons in the hospital and they will remove the tumor in no time
Sorry bucko r/necrophilia got taken down, I think your in the wrong place buddy. Here I’ll call you an Uber, take care of yourself. 
Damn... somebody got told.
Because all those delusional people be doing the same shit in their real life.
"Or more aptly ""OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"" As you see me run away."
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.
I’m a HR professional and deal with this all the time. You’d be surprised how ignorant most people are about their paychecks.
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.
That isn't entirely fair. We're also for harboring regular ol' right trolls, too.
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.
Like thanks for your valuable input?
Removed? Damn no respect.
The King of DoorDash. Great work as always.
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.
We got nowhere with that because you only drop one-liners and refuse to actually engage.
This just makes me angry.
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.
My heart is broken for this woman... I really hope she finds the strength to leave him
Yeah, but the sound of a fork against the stainless would be absolutely unbearable. 
It's all so beautiful, right? 
There is nothing adorable about that terrifying man
I hate fags
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.
No but it would be weird if you masturbated to it like I did
There's a difference between use and ownership. They aren't equivalent.
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.
British would annoy me more. Or being called British Isles
Remember when the media ignored all of the horrible things [NAME] did? Including what he did to Syria?
OOF, well if im dancing with someone i dont really look at their crotch so im pretty surd ur fine. How old are u
That sucks. You could start one yourself if you like.
Nothing seems to intrigue or satisfy me only drugs and thats sad.
Amazing. The perfect words for it
That guy’s an asshole. He behavior doesn’t inherently have anything to do with poly.
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.
Thank you for fading
Damned straight.
That’s one of the many sleeping cycles of my fucked-up schedule :)
Idk why but your comment in particular made me audibly crack tf up
The fact that you put [NAME] above [NAME] is proof that you’re a troll or mentally handicapped.
Yeah , yeah you can’t change my mind , you’ll get there eventually .
Just got my seats a couple of days ago!
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels
Means behave like you are a sexual Tyrannosaurus.
We don't care as much for 69. Hard to do properly. Glad it works for you. We prefer to take turns.
I would make sure I didn’t leave any soda cans anymore so I could have the high ground, and then hide all but one cup lol
Almost heaven...
Who’s fucking a shark !?
"""A lion never stretches before it hunts."" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. "
[NAME] was half-blood but it wasn't a smart idea to bring up his father.
It’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure it always is with you.
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. 
I hope the bleeding didn’t last long
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...
Still an ad hominem and not a legitimate argument or counterpoint :)
Props to the guy for being honest
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha
No it’s a lie because he could not possibly have been in Vietnam. And he did not correct a single outlet who said he was.
I misread World Championship of Carp-fishing to be the World Championship of Cat-fishing...
Man I thought [NAME] was going to be the real deal. I wanted [NAME] gone so bad around that time.
I wonder how Florida will like him hahah
Cool reaaaaally cool and thank you verry much is all i can say and that i will do that
I'm so glad I saw this!!! Now I know how to wash my face! I can't wait for the tooth brushing tutorial🤗
username definitely checks out
Sorry the cognitive dissonance is too much for you. Why don't you go back to listening to Nickelback? It'll make you feel better :)
I still hate Catcher Eggman!
Id be pretty pissed if my prime didn't auto renew
love you too.
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!
Yeah that is definitely tough on the processor as it's running a software emulator and the game the whole time
What does she want? No sex with you! Your giving up which is what she wants! She wins and you lose. Pretty simple!
she usually sits below the bathroom sink like a fuckin weirdo between 9-11 pm but she'll be free after.
Better than just saying hey :)
Watch the ignorance of a variety of topics manifest itself as word diarrhea just falling out of her dumb mouth.
Sticking his tongue out.... ugh
That's beautiful.
Meh, whenever I travel with someone who can't walk fast, I just wait for the next train.
Literally all of them have said and done MUCH worse than anything [NAME] has.
Don’t be a class traitor
I’m sorry you were down voted. I am asking for real honesty, so thank you for telling yours.
"[NAME] was the ""socialist"" freshman House Rep. I liked the most, but her recent [NAME] tweets are extremely concerning."
Thank you so much.
Lovely. You enjoy that train of thought lad.
I'll chase you till the ends of the eaaaaarth, Shooooooooooooooooooooooooooocker!!!!!!!
That's a great dream. I love how your inner voice of him came out. It feels right on.
Wow. Thank you so much. I really appreciate this.
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary
[NAME] a fucking creeper. Doesn't he have some weird ass relationship with that 14 year old girl from Stranger Things?
I don't generally find the CBO projections very accurate in retrospect. Some of their accounting practices and metrics seem error prone.
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s
[NAME] might be all those things, but he pissed me off canceling his appearances at Coachella and Gov’s Ball. Very unwavy of him 
[NAME] was horrid for us
Sorry for the late question but I wanted to know if can you buy 2 tickets with one Madridista membership? Or is it one ticket per Madridista membership?
Don’t worry! I was never convicted of anything!
Man pre ASG Yankees were absolutely fun to watch. Judge hitting that homerun was awesome
Yep, unprepared for first period, forgot my pants while wandering around the school, etc. Been teaching 5 years and I still get these dreams
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.
Hahah Yea imagine what the GM guys will do when the DD app crashes for hours
Huh.. Well that ruins it :/ At least the cats fine
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:
Is this the track that’s just [NAME] cat meowing but slowed down? My memory is failing me
I need help with corsets but otherwise would be mortified to need help for every day clothes.
That's the best treasure I could every hope to find
I don’t think that many people really thought [NAME] would be a game changer.
True despair.
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.
The thing is, they've whipped themselves into such a rabid frenzy, literally anything less than the apocalypse is going to be a bit underwhelming.
LOL. Glad you noticed.
Happy birthday my guy! Hope you have a great day today, tomorrow, and every day after that. You and everyone deserve a good day. 😃
If you’re concerned about [NAME], then you must still be concerned about [NAME]. WAR over last 2 seasons: [NAME]: 4.8, 3.1 [NAME]: 4.0, 3.6
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job
I can't not pick Savor the Flavor when playing Stitches though. It's just too damn fun.
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.
> Well maybe I dodged an argument with an idiot From the sounds of it I'm almost positive you did. Have a good one :)
> I’m tired of being realistic and open minded. Me too! Now it is all about being selfish and aloof. Not even kidding.
Go fuck yourself.
You were so close.
The worst is starting out in a new relationship after leaving a failing one. You want to fall but you know how much the breakups hurt
I keep wondering about armpit waxing, but the potential pain scares me. 
My Dachshund loves trying to lick my son's mouth when he's laughing. Every single time.
This moment always reminded me of being a kid and turning on Nickelodeon only to find Nick News with [NAME]. Ultimate disappointment.
This is amazing
Of course it bothers you. She just admitted that something inconsequential to your relationship would be a dealbreaker.
I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly happened. I'm sorry you're having these problems. 🙁
More worried about the multi-trillion dollars in entitlement programs than 5$ on a wall.
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.
[NAME] damn fruit booters.
Riding your bicycle down Powell is *a stupid fucking idea*.
They should have burned that shit to the ground and used the insurance money to buy another used one.
you can please some of the people, some of the time, but you can't please all of the people, all of the time...
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)
No I didn't. PM me your username here and I'll reach out to you.
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.
FUCKING DIN!!!
Much more badass than the union suit.
Yikes. She sounds like she's one bad grade away from shooting up a synagogue.
My dad has an irrational fear of the dark.
I came here just to bask in this thread. Yesterday was wonderful....it was just wonderful.
Celes represent well her talent tho
"I mean... It's about average. So not $200 but not ""throw it in the trash"" either. "
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff
Grow up.
Then you're saying its about looks, not the misogyny.
may I direct your attention to the aforementioned “tin foil conspiracy”
I mean my statement applied to more than just weed but sure...
Wow. That'll teach you to try and help!
She's as beautiful and as happy as ever
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 1937 - 2016 = Polls not very accurate 2016 - 2019 = Oh yeah, polls have evolved, they're like super accurate now 
Hate people like this
And this young man wishes to be an athlete. That sort of strenuous activity would not be possible.
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.
My 4 month old just got her second round of shots, so yeah, we feel you. Hope you're able to get a good rest!!
No I didn’t think that, it was the way the information was presented
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.
Much thanks!
"""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""
She was a surrogate. [NAME] fucked the force which created [NAME] in schmee
When I was in Uni I worked in a call centre. Pay was better than retail but it was worse on the soul.
thank you, i dont get whats so hard to come to such an easy solution honestly
Thank you, that's very good to know!
I wanna see this line up... not cause I think we’ll win with them but i just want to see it. [NAME] [NAME] [NAME]
Is this [NAME] comics? His Simpsons stuff is great
So sorry that was his response. I hope you're able to get free soon so that you can begin to heal and move on.
"I love it when ""bad"" picks actually have fucking amazing ganks."
NFL level catch
I was reading up last night and it's a mixed bag. Exercise can help with the depressive episodes, but it can make the manic episodes worse.
Shut up cowpoke
u guys were a pretty good place to eat at :( ill miss it
Thank you! :)
Thank you, too. It's nice knowing we're not alone. I hope you stay afloat.
Yes, I did, not once...here is my full story: Story of my dead bedroom
It is 100% a scam. They've been copying many [NAME] with the same message.
I’m gonna stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes! Maybe that’ll teach you a lesson.
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique
Sometimes, I feel bad if I don't every now and then. I mostly talk with her on SC/IG tho. 
Great way to clarify! That's the whole point of talking about nebulous stuff like this.
Interesting take there
[NAME] playing great this half
I feel like that's what they both deserve, though. Thank you for the support <3
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you
"""I lost control"" would have been an understandable explanation. ""It lost control"" is not. "
Thank you sir, this has made me happy. 
I'm so sorry. You can do this. Just remember YOU are a person who is worthy of love and respect.
Where do I sign up, then? Haha.
Okay then. Please remind me again why the lack of support is death threats in my PMs.
I look forward to finally trying the game out and helping you guys pump up those kill counts
It's also ridiculously removed from reality. Dying to a disease or injury from an accident is orders of magnitude more likely than getting shot.
omg I remember be exactly like this and being so excited, gahhhh I might even believe I’m more excited than you hahahah.
Theres no way 88% did that grossness.
You'll win in the long run by not shutting up.
Just saying, don’t give up. Fight back. Do it for your patients 
> that hurts my enjoyment of society. Then what could you possibly mean by this?
"Can you imagine if management was like ""Hey [NAME], we need you to fire the custodian. Thanks."""
HR is there to protect the company. Not you.
If Android: YouTube Vanced is your new best friend. If IOS: sorry lol get a real phone
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!
Which was in 2017. Enjoy your loss and shush. You'd think having 1 win in a month would humble you...
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor
It is. I bet chantex and all the other 'quit smoking' companies hope this book doesn't become too popular. That would cut into their profits.
"Yes, which is why I hate the term ""ranked choice voting""."
I'm not having any thoughts that are safe for me to publicly type.
"This is a ""lose in the 11th round of the shootout"" type game"
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.
Thanks so much for your reply it helps to hear from others. Good luck on your journey.
Such a great thing to hear. Setting aside my very immense distaste for SA, this really just makes me happy. I love our country.
I am so very, very happy at your last sentence. If you understand that, you will be permanently free.
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.
[NAME], 2 weeks ago got charged $20 and was fake [NAME].
Gangs shooting each other on the streets is not the same as a crazy person going into a school and kill a bunch of innocent kids with an assault rifle.
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.
I deserved it. I'm a garbage cumslut. He owned me and he took his property.
>I don’t believe in changing the rules and laws however ... Then you believe [RELIGION] is in the 7th century for all times
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. 
Oh sorry I gotcha
Youre being dowmvoted but you are absolutely correct. I have a feelingnyour downvotes are more a sign of the obesity problem than anything
"You should see the absurd number of ""gays for [NAME]"" we have in my country, it's astounding"
This is a depressing r/tworedditorsonecup
They do a great job until one pops free and smacks you in your junk.
Back at it with the crazy [RELIGION] conspiracies I see. Did you stop taking your pills?
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**
I think they're all equally bad in their own way.
Interesting, hopefully somebody might be able to provide you an answer.
I want one....i dont care who.... Unarmed charecter
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)
[NAME] i actally kind of like [NAME] but he is such a punk
It's bad when that sounds tasty to me
Real class A asshole there
Ay just like my life *whips whilst sobbing
Nobody forced [NAME] to take [NAME] over [NAME], if he liked him that much then he should’ve just taken him.
Your welcome. Hope it all gets better.
Not even slightly.
I really hope that's true and really hope they grow some balls and ban it.
Yeah it looks like it
Same. It's my favorite show to watch in the morning. The whole crew is so likeable.
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.
"Ahhh, the old ""if you don't vote the way I do, you're a big dumb idiot"" gambit. "
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.
Sounds like a horror junkie in the making. Congrats dad, you’ll have a buddy to watch movies with in a year or two!
Although these are seemingly overpriced, yes, I adore these pieces.
You just made me so happy.
I cut onions to hide my feelings.
Unable. It's not really possible. It's not his only interest but it's the one I can't really do anything about.
He was going for a new record for fastest to the bottom.
I would like a hug
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.
This is genius. The ultimate prank.
 It an argument. Don’t really have time for jack-assery. Lot of people want attention from me tonight, not just you. 
I got I got I got...
I unironically approve of this message. It is time for the French Revolution to end.
Wow this is amazing. LOVE THIS!!!
Leafs would have won this game if it wasn’t for that bullshit overturn.
2 or 1 seed we’re still playing a bad team in the first round
Oh gosh that's no good! Perhaps the other options are better places to start
[NAME] so much hate.
LOL, you’re a good sport. In all seriousness pretty cool picture.
Drives to work, realizes its a holiday because nobody answers their phones. Still stuck at work... nothing to do. We dont get paid holidays :(
No, they don’t. No morning after pills/contraception pills are free, even at the clinics
People keep giving serious arguments but you keep replying “but mah happiness” Not worth it to lose time arguing with the likes of you
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂
I'm keeping my mouth shut. I don't want you yokels crowding up the wine store I go to.
Hahahahah, I will consider
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.
Holy shit. Those guys are scumbags. I'm so sorry you had to go through such an awful roleplay.
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy
This man just posts facts and got -220. He told them the truth and they hated him for it.
ATM has scored only 27 goals in 19 games and have 38 points from it, frankly really outrageous. They keep shithousing a win.
Please. Sorry.
you forgot miracle, fake fan
I laughed at this 4 years ago.
“She had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme.” Lmao.. this made me laugh so hard lol
Wow that has to be the best advice I’ve ever gotten. Thank you
Same here! I was addicted to her and beaus stories during their trip to Europe right before filming this season. They are the best!
If loving the Falcons along side my Vikings is wrong, *than I don’t want to be right.*
Every time [NAME] is in one of these things, I keep remembering that Trinity Soul exists. It was not a very memorable show. 
Dan cool and rich
Prey actually had portals before Portal. Such an underrated game.
I hope an elk will gore anyone whose still using [NAME] jokes in 2019
Fish tanks and fiddlesticks, that was intense!
Seems like an odd hypothetical question to ask.
Thank you. This sub is the one place I feel understood
She has pretty hair.
i’d put forth that lots of people ACTIVELY DISLIKE dating and like being in relationships, so this wouldn’t help at all 
Lmao I'm sorry!
Oh, sorry
Unlucky, pricks.
Gotcha. I'll do a little Google-fu and see what comes up. Thanks anyway!
This also made me Smile, thank you
One can only hope this is the worst issue you ever have to deal with in life. Sheesh.
You are right. There's absolutely no group of liberals here that calls everyone right of [NAME] [NAME] every chance they get.
Six shots on goal for [NAME] and still nothing. This breaks my heart.
[NAME] was such a fun weapon
I mean, it is, slowly but surely. It sucks. 
Lol. I was fan of that show and that line prior to becoming a fan of Arsenal and recently put the 2 together.
What a useless tool.
So many nice things here. Good vibes. Enjoy your cake day and weekend. ✌
It's literally essential that everyone stop what they are doing and watch this, the best video, as many times as possible and then some more times.
Im not going to swear
It's like...I knew where this was going and I still laughed.
those pictures of [NAME] are real, he's on Crashing and the way he looked in the premiere was just awful.
This draft is one man deep tbh. Not getting Zion would be devastating and a waste of a whole year.
better yet. cancel your subscription to Netflix and go for a walk. much better for you anyway.
Sorry, I would like your comment, but it's at 666. And I just can't bring myself to change that.
"[NAME] i love this ""no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""
I'm sorry. I meant numbers. Where can I see them.
He must simply be known as [NAME], all the greats are known by a single name.
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!
She’s so hot. Also happy cake day
our enemy, the state 
I did notice it because it was widely reported in the media! Just as this would be!
OF COURSE IT WON FUCKIN PRETENTIOUS ASS FUCKING SLOW POINTLESS MOVIE OH BLACK AND WHITE WOWWWW
Every INTJ Girl I dated said they aren't interested in me because we are too much the same
What a rollercoaster
Oh good grief! Put it away, [NAME].
That sounds frustrating!
Never worked on my babies. So disappointing
It's also about anyone else who feels down or attacked by misandrist social signals. Finding ways to counteract these signals and their effects is a worthwhile pursuit.
Thank you. Let’s not blame one parent only for the existence of a child, or the batshitness of one coparent. 
Wow, I wouldn’t doubt that at all. What a crazy situation! Poor woman!! 
Oh geez man... You posted this image to at least 600 subreddits.. Why And now made a new account for it...
Just another above average looking girl who works out for a year and gets a million followers for posting her ass. We live in a society
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards
annoyed at most
My only regret will be posting this on my alt account.
No problem! Happy to help :)
my good woman, I'm not sure that you handled it poorly
this is not bad
Im sorry but I dont get the joke, can someone explain it to me?
Shootouts aren’t our strong suit. Happy to get out with a point though
Did you know it inspired a direct to dvd adaptation with the same name?
"""I shouldn't have done that, it's not the honorable way."""
That definitely hurt
I definitely get that vibe from this post. Or [NAME] was friends with them and didn’t get invited to the party lmao
Any that lands for us tbh lol
Damn that must feel great!
Yeah -- a woman who expects a guy to never even think about other women for the rest of his life is a special kind of delusional.
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)
This is adorable I want an update
They all have these same moronic talking points that they memorized. It's hilarious. I hear them all the time
Okay perfect! I'll definitely have that conversation with him then. Thanks for the help! :)
Yes. (That's the back side of the Palace hotel.)
Thank you! And i understand that one too.
I've come to the conclusion that TMoR's Snoo needs to be more orange.
Now I'm wondering on what I've been missing out. Again thank you for this.
Thanks, posted there!
I love you for making this
"At least he was polite - ""please"" fuck off! "
starting 2019 of with a banger, can't wait what else will happen this year 
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.
Thanks for explaining it! I’m not sure why my comment got downvoted. Without context, it makes no sense.
[NAME] I wish we had a free pass to say that 😹 Would make my days so much easier
I have the same issue. Except I'm a dude. Talking about my face. One likes me scruffy, the other baby smoothe
2013 was Dunk City, right? Because that was incredible 
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun
I hear ya man, it sucks that we live in a world where we have to worry about so much nonsense instead of just being ourselves. 
This didn’t age well
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures
Yeah, that makes sense, too. (Did it. Once. When I was like 16)
You are the type of fellow that puts mommy in the cheap home and cashes her cheques, loyalty of a snake.
Thank you for your comment, I didn't know Phoenix had a subreddit so now I'm subbed.
You gotta watch with subtitles IMO. The dubbed English version looks and sounds ridiculous.
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.
I'm sorry man sounds bad
I'm sorry you had to go through that. Though I'm glad you're out of that toxic environment now.
Hell yeah it did!
Thank you, lightwaves. Very cool.
I’ve never been in love, haha. So I wouldn’t know.. thank you for this comment :)
The article was about LEGAL delivery, you big dummy. I too love when people without knowledge of a situation respond like they know what’s what.
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.
Harsh, but true
Good! We need him to serve bops so pop can win some more
stop making me cry man
If you ever need to talk to some one and just vent to just DM me.
Dude nsfw this damn
Thank you for the solid advice 👍 I’ve had about a year of creative highs so maybe my brain just needs a break
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.
I signed up!! I hope your Mother has a wonderful birthday!!
I always suggest Laser Quest downtown, it's a blast!
Jack torrance can be nice
If you have bo toleramce you could feel it for a day
Dang if that was actually what happened that does kind of suck. Thanks op!
Bro. We’ve been cursed since way before that.
Cheers, brother. What are you doing to meet women? 
That last bit is part of the embarrassment, actually.
I am sorry but I can feel a panic attack. Holy moly I would die instantly If I were him
They're a double edge sword. Not too heavy on the beauty, but they always immensely helped me to immerse.
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af
"i dont think theyre planning beyond ""screw over them liberal educators that are ruining our children with their sjw bullshit"" themed rants"
Geez, we still got about an hour left lol
dude that stadium was lit as fuck 🤣🤣🤣 were about to embrace the tank like never before
That's the same thing 8 year olds use to try and get my items in video games. The guilt and shame strategy... Pathetic.
put on some real filthy porn before running errands, that'll leave the parents with having to answer really awkward questions 
Did a lousy job, my dishes are still dirty.
Nobody got time for that, Dont even like twitter
Thats too funny
Have a good one, mate. I wish you all the loves. Here, a potcoin for you.
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.
[NAME] looked so lost for 3 quarters. No pocket awareness. Terribly inaccurate. I hope this version of [NAME] is here to stay.
That's different lol.. And any positive, faint or not, is a positive!
Thanks for the insight. I guess I’m coming off a bit ignorant and maybe naive.
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]
no it is not the same. At the level of 3k in income then it may seem the same or trivial to bother with though.
If he saw it as something regrettable and possibly embarrassing, and has grown, eh. We all have something embarrassing in our past.
Thanks. Some of the things just require a little tweaking so really I don’t think it’ll be too hard.
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned
This is not helpful to OP who is going through some unbelievable trauma.
I think this type of stuff is great fun too. However, my ex objects if the kids go back to her with too many scrapes and bruises. 
Thank [NAME] for the adult spammers on my susbscribed NSFW subreddits.
For some reason I wanted to be a bartender when I was 8. After hearing this story, makes me feel I missed out. 
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.
That's false
>zucchini Literally LOL! I'm trying not to wake my sleeping husband, but I can't stop laughing!
Wait this is what chill looks like? Some girl told me that I look dead amd I flinch at the slightest movement. You really call that chill?
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.
Alot of friends and family make that or less. It's pretty crazy.
I explained exactly why they’re authoritarian. Businesses are literal plutocracies.
This is the single most wholesome thing I've seen on reddit. Proud.
I love Wayfair! Just started using them and am impressed. Sounds like UPS sucks. Enjoy your couches! Haha
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action
I just worked 6 hrs today and already hate it lol work just sucks. I'm not sure how other people do it.
Good instincts to try to get move out of the road. Hope they are alright.
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!
I didn't have an umbrella and got wet but it's so damn humid still it's all stanky feeling outside.
"Weird how ive been ""attempted"" the same scam twice and im just a nobody.. Probably more or less amatur x'D"
Wow! Good for her! I’m so glad she was able to see through the bullshit!
I wish I'd get invited to parties...
Was really hoping for something about free aim in this update. Can't see myself playing gun rush against auto aimers lol
Baby, You get all the credit with your excellent research!
You, I like you 
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. 
[NAME] supporters don’t see it as offensive.
Sorry man, I have no idea either! 
I don't live there just have family there.
Thank you! We all appreciate the kind words! 💓
[NAME], your uncle is not the hero you think he is.
False, if I'm close to the cart return I can't run and ride the cart back to the return. Lol
“Start caring about Reddit downvotes” has to be the weirdest life advice I’ve received in years.
She's so remarkably stupid.
> Thank you president [NAME] for providing us with meme material that will last a week! I think you mean 5 more years.
I had no idea but seeing this things make so much more sense...
LOL how can anyone trust you when you pretend that you voted for [NAME] when your clearly racist against blacks. Your user name is strictly a lie.
Damn, this one sucks doubly so considering all the positive threads on here today.
...And what's impressive is she managed to sell two internets before she was so rudely interrupted...maybe your Land Lady should consider telemarketing. :P
So true, sometimes what’s obvious passes over our heads. Good post.
you still didn't answer the point....lol
Thank fuck they died... I mean rip, so sad 💭🙏
This is just a stupid question. The answer is who cares? [NAME] is on an entirely different level from [NAME].
Me, it's too cute for words.
Oh man, okay yeah i was wrong, thank you for correcting me
Not pretty right now
Yes! And the one who embarrasses you by dancing and singing in the car while she's driving you and your friends home.
I heard this was because of a bill that happens to go in affect during the Government shutdown.
The cringe is just beautiful
I saw 25yr old with 3 kids and a house. How do u think I feel. I'm over 30 and still single.
[NAME] is going to love her!
Thank [NAME] for your mother and her googling skills! Now if you have kids you know who allowed and welcome to be around them and who not.
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.
Best of luck. Don't be afraid to come back if you want specific talking points if you get stuck. And take care!
But all-Korean teams don't always do the best in OWL/Contenders, look at Outlaws v. Seoul, etc... 
I promise you it would for most people. You're just spoiled with having the mountains 45 minutes away.
I’ve got bad news for you about NFL locker rooms if you’re offended by homophobic slurs....
"Don't fight reactionary idiots in public sure sounds a lot like ""sit down and shut up"" to me"
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.
It’s pretty embarrassing to see a grown man be taken down by a dog when the man outweighs the dog by a lot lmfao
Wow spongebob was right!
I hope you are getting your levels tested! You can do some damage to yourself if they're too high.
As someone who could totally eat three donuts in a row if I let myself, the amount of sugar this woman consumed still struck terror into my heart
Yup. You see more hands, have to learn more to be competitive.. etc
There has to be someone that loves you, you just may not see it right now. 
Thanks! I’ll take that into account in the future!
also anxious that people will be angry or surprised or upset at me for me never telling people about this before
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG
I don’t know man I feel like this goal is just a combination of unluckiness
Religion is the biases for more hate; wars; discrimination; bigotry and poverty than any other entity in the world, with the exception of central banking.
Also, the phone is set to another language than the one being spoken, which is a bit weird.
I hate when these crooks say it ain't so cuz it is🇫🇷😤
Oh come on, can you just enjoy the damn picture?
As a person who lives in NYC, I couldn't possibly agree more
I like to think they put that joke in because of the meme
Actually yes the left does need to earn my loyalty if they want me to keep voting for them
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.
I'm fine, how about you?
It’s my favorite part of the whole week
He looked like he fell in love
Ya it would suck good luck too you and your family man 👨✌️👍👍👍🤜
the act of using private companies as platforms to push indoctrination is no less vile than state run companies
Don't tell me what to do. I'm not going to argue with someone who goes around calling everything bro science.
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!
You dont need elected officials to have power when you have the people on your side.
Can we get a moment of silence for the passing of the video game boy?
How dare you not find domestic abuse funny! /s
So I'm being unsafe. I'll work on that, thanks.
I wish that I could do this and have someone genuinely care, and have it not be a therapist cause I can't afford it. 
You did a good choice :) i hope all goes well im proud of you !!!!! :)
Wow he is very gifted! I hope he continues to freeze more buffalos!
Its not the 90s old man. Now if you said you like pancake asses, thats juicy
> is not needed for dogs. Wrong. In *this* case it wasn’t. It very often is.
"The weird part of our ""rivalry"" is that some people bought into it."
Honestly? No. I just feel sad for you guys
Ok.... he can *call* it the State of the Union, but that doesn't mean it is.
Thanks. I didn't quite get it from the original. Appreciate the time.
Actually whoosh doesn't apply here because the criteria for whooshing is different.
Yeah you are second. Time to move on lol
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.
When people bring up rape culture they mean stuff like this. Because yeah it’s been out and swept away and not raged over
This thread is one of worst things I've ever read
YOU'RE AWESOME, THANKS!
Nope, but is that a thing people who talk about digestive enzymes over lunch breaks should do? 
Sorry, might have been the wrong command. Just checked my uplay for it. It's /nodinputpad
"It just has to be ""unequivocal and unconditional"". ""Good faith"" was from the Advocate General opinion, not the Court."
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me
Anyone that actually takes the train daily can tell you that. And I do feel its getting worse.
Though i think i preferred it when it was artistic and gritty i still love that series. Listening to the audiobook he took the voices from. highly recomended
[NAME] lol. I eat what I want.
Well to be fair to these idiots Family Guy constantly makes episodes complaining about their lack of Emmys.
Thanks. People need to calm down and give QCX a little time here.
[NAME] is pretty af
Thank you! They made me stay six days. It was not fun but it made me finally realize I need to work harder in therapy
Japan shouldn't have attacked the USA.
me, eating my sandwich, at 12:30 AM last night, after fasting all day.
That entire family is so embarrassing.
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -
yes, i know that people think of me as some strange freak because i never talk to anyone and act so awkward in social situations
Both me and my bf pee in the shower together hahahaha
Just stop.
[NAME] is worse.. [NAME] is really bad as well..
Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter.
you're misinformed
#Garbage site for assholes
Oh damn it! I was just on my way to the post box
I can't wait for mom to slap his hand down
Nice work gang!
He is actually good now. No teddy but he was great last year before he got into shit
Lmao this article is almost a year old. Yawn.
Even while [NAME] in a America are discriminated against, they still have such warm hearts. [NAME] Bless them (my [NAME], and theirs)
This is so painfully 80s. I hate it.
You are sexy af
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.
"Dog thinking ""shit this guy is crazy, better get out"""
if I told 11 year old me that brussell sprouts are a top 5 vegetables, he'd have laughed in my face
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]
depends on who im with lol. I became an Entp for a short while then went back to being an introvert.
What a fuckin n
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.
I like how he called his mom asking if she was trying to contact him just so he could tell her what’s wrong
I'm with you. I'd like one too.
She had it so good with [NAME] as his ex. Girlfriend was so freaking nice.
Turn in them. Who cares if they’re your cousins. They’re not three years old. They should know better.
Fund this man. Even if it doesn’t pan out it’s worth finding out.
I really hope she wasn’t trafficked. It’s more prevalent in the US than a lot of people realize :(
oliver and black canary is evergreen.. [NAME] is the most annoying character since season 3.. why would CW come up with that
One million points for Slytherin!
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.
What happened? I can’t stop thinking about this post. Her poor family. Those kids. 😢
I bawled my eyes out, my best girl. 
To all of you who never had to take the SATs, consider yourselves lucky.
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!
There is one teacher, and 3 paraprofessionals. She is overwhelmed, and I want to help.
Wish the teacher has spelled inventors correctly before testing the students.
You grew up in America. Your culture was teaching your children to think and fight for themselves.
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.
Downvoted because I stated facts ok...
You are doing your kids such a grand favor! I wish I were raised like that.
I did marry [NAME]
Why'd I get downvoted? Am I not allowed to watch Spider-man?
I'm sorry you have to deal with this. My mom does the same anytime she loses something. She accuses people of stealing whatever she lost.
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.
Very true. Apologies if it came off that way.
He knows he's not playing as well as he should be. By that logic [NAME] wants out so he should go too.
That’s it right there. Thanks for the simple reminder.
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.
I don't like [NAME] but I'd never wish this fate to any parent.
Wolf spiders are crazy too. Plus they carry all their babies on them!
Who cares, most people will be on their phone anyways.
This feels *so* cringeworthily thirsty after [NAME] ridiculous meet & greets recently.
Thank you destruct
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.
Why is the dude a douche? He didn't actually do anything, lol his political views are not relevant as he himself actually did nothing wrong.
No. Foreigners are not allowed to preach [RELIGION] to [NAME]. Maybe not explicitly . Also They restrict donations from abroad Not just people.
Who said anyone was white or black? Forget it, trumpie. You clowns don’t care about the truth. 
Thats the second quickest way I know of to burn through $1,000...The first being: R/WallStreetBets 🤣
"Yeah he was going like ""YOOOO"" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"
Women are nice. Except when they murder you.
Thank you everyone for the suggestions. I think they're great much easier than my thoughts of trying to donate money instead of the contents.
Can't even do that anymore :(
2017's sky high fees proved that this tech fails on a large scale. It's a disappointing reality.
Serious on the vacation time, I haven't seen some government workers doing anything for weeks now!
Nope! But happy for you❣️
Sure you can, it’s called abortion, we’ve done it literally millions of times
Yeah no.
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!
[NAME] is just another millionaire taking advantage of dumb people.
Work on the pitching, that was a weakness of the team last season.
That’s beautiful
Let's do it (if done smartly by SK) NK wants to go the path of Vietnam in how they developed
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!
Yeah fuck this shit, the dude isn't even doing anything noteworthy, it's just a man doing his job.
Hope they don't pull another [NAME] on [NAME]. Good to hear [NAME] added muscle and is healthy. Hopefully he and [NAME] can play all 16 this season
Lol. The majority of military jobs aren’t combat related.
Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry. 😔
Ok, hope you are right
Not as excited anymore about having the most difficult second half in the NHL...
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]
No they don't.
[NAME] in the Lego movie? Get outta here
The judge wasn’t impartial as decided by the appeal court. The judge needs to be schooled.
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???
I'm just glad everything came out okay.
I like your style.
Ah fuck.
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...
Thanks now I gotta go listen to golden earring
Dude, wtf is this?
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...
I like you [NAME] :)
Please don’t murder me
There's DOJ guidelines that he cannot be indicted.
Hahaha dude that was *so* well put
Can confirm, I have 2 (but be careful as you may still be allergic to their saliva)
JV for AD - i know its lopsided, but we need to swallow that pill.
Everyday, always, I am a hero inside my head
Yeah, not having a system that treats a kid that can't read as an emergency is a problem. 
This stressed me out
I'd say the pecans is the biggest mistake
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.
I do but no one wants to play with me I at least try to play by my self but it gets really boring.
This is a good step. Refusing to vaccinate your kids should be considered child abuse.
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too
I had my skin half ripped off thanks to a belt machine. Never got my arm close to the belts
Haha your mom lol 😎😎. Having flashbacks of 4th grade rn
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.
Fucking awesome tournament to watch, well done WePlay, grats to Maggo. The constructed meta ain't that stale!
I'd prefer her as an actual character
I do this. Every. Single. Time.
don't know any [NAME], sorry
You must be fun at parties.
Hahaha I was gonna put one of those but I couldn’t remember what they were
All the signs, except his username, seemed legit. I also clicked. Now I just want to forget all about what I've just seen...
He's alright, Avatar, The Happening and After Earth were genuinely terrible films. 
Lol I even got called transphobic. Love to not be allowed to dislike Mother.
Yes, I filed for a protective order. Other than that, there is no happy ending with a narc.
Confirmed, word added to Oxford dictionary in 2022. Now to spread the word and get it into general circulation so that this can happen. [NAME].
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. 
Thanks. I desperately need to connect with other women.
"There's a bit of room between ""not loving sub-zero temperatures"" and ""never going outside."""
i don't usually 'wall of text' posts but i'm glad i made your post an exception. thank you, it brought tears to my eyes.
That's really awesome!
I refuse to watch this. Lifetime exploiting [NAME] gross behavior to sell 'entertainment'.
They look so good together *praying for Disney ending*
That’s how I read it in the sentence but my brain reads it as “yeahno”. Lol
>just because I miss [NAME] and [NAME], who played them. You forgot to add the rest of that sentence 
"""every time she was in trouble I was there for her"" - the man who caused most of her troubles "
American scouts are weird. I've had mixed groups since I was a teen, and I've never saw the need for different groups for each sex
Glitter is awful for everything
"TD: ""You cant just call everyone you dislike a nazi!"" Also TD:"
Fuck off.
Haha love it
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic
The worst!! I don’t get cramps so much but my back will kill me
Haha, this is hilarious.
The shipping container are my friends, damnit
I think a few guys on the team have said [NAME] just listens to country music lol.
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though
And I've no monkeys left.... Sorry man
Removed and warned. R1
Thanks for the warning 😉
I actually laughed my ass off so hard i had tears. Well done creator!!
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.
The world is backwards, nowadays. Where people defend _GaNgStAs_ because it's culturally and politically correct, and then shame those who protect and serve. Makes me bleed rage.
I'm afraid if I have a awful time or something like that I'm going to get worse..
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.
That’s my favorite way to introduce myself tbh
Yea we need more good news to give other people hope, enough hope to give them a helpfull push to pursue what they really want. 
My type of cheerleader. Those are some good looking guys
Thank you very much. Follow up question what is a suura?
Thank you for your advice! I couldn’t agree more.
Nice win! Good luck on your future tournaments!
[NAME] a bastard man
I think you're pretty neat, but I respect your distance
He's done nothing to earn trust either. He got ran out of Miami
yeeey [NAME], My purpose has been fulfilled Now I must go
great win leading into memphis. everyone contributed, awesome team basketball and defense throughout 
Why is sleeping with a coworker such a big problem for a news network? It’s not the military with a rank disparity or something
That is a great video
I’m still sorry you had to go through that. I’m sorry anybody has to experience fear on a daily basis.
Obviously he has not adhered to his promises, however what I noticed is this is basically the same message that [NAME] had.
They start as needy creeps and work their way up to being dangerous.
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos
How embarrassing.
Class topper meant something way different when I was growing up lol
"So your sticking by the term ""extremist"" for this massive chunk of the population."
their is a differences between losing and being embarrassed
It was a nice one too! GO AHEAD [NAME], SLAP THAT HAM!
I'm afraid you're completely correct. Sad, but true.
only take your shoes off if there is carpet. and carpet is nasty.
Well gen 3 was my first so it’s great!
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.
Have fun.
Idk what dumbass downvoted you, somatotypes are bullshit lol
Exactly. You make anything happen for the sake of your kids. Nothing should stand in your way.
I will say, this tanking season is a lot more enjoyable than [NAME] cause we don't see [NAME] looking confused on the sideline every game.
Define abuse. People can down vote as they see fit but it doesn't mean it has to ruin your day.
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.
Thank you. As a father I found this hysterical. I'm legit laugh-crying rn
I don't like this gif and that makes me a [NAME] supporter? My argument has not once brought him up. You are an insidious liar.
At least the repulsive sex scenes are helping me maintain my diet
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.
This video was close to being the most famous video in history
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year
I honestly couldn't care less if we lose or not. I'm over the moon about [NAME] and nothing could make me unhappy
That's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator
15 is too old to play playing fortnite smh
It's also why someone I know is working on becoming an orthopedic surgeon. It's very grim and morbidly lucrative in the US.
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.
Ever heard of the New Deal? Look it up, it was pretty cool.
thanks older generations :)
Boy where is you. We use to race on the parkway in highschool lmao.
Yeah I cannot either on mobile, same with enough internet. Thoroughly disappointing.
Seeing the Reverend talk to his son like that always made me feel uncomfortable but also mad.
Why do you think many feminists are angry?
It definitely revealed how ugly the hatred on the Left has gotten.
Thanks for the info
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.
That’s a fuckin budgie. You gotta be a moron at birds to not know that. That’s like Bird Basics 101.
Okay, thank you!
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! 
The women-are-wonderful effect.
[NAME] voice actor by the end of the game was phenomenal. So much rage and sadness
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable 
Looks like he's got the funk.
Hmm okay, maybe I was just arriving at threads too early or something before they got cleaned up...
Oh gosh dang it
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.
YOU WIN!
Pretty cool.
Very interesting!!!
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].
This makes me want Lancaster to be cannon! It’ll probably never happen though😥.
No problem, I hope that you are able to accomplish what you wish :)
my [NAME] this is just *yes*
I like Tom and Kato.
I need a thick 10 inches too, thank you. 
Actually that's the wrong guy. The guy you're thinking of is in prison now facing life. This guy sucks just as bad though..
It is a great line though!
It would feel amazing. Which would scare you. So you would crush it. Along with yourself.
That is so relatable! I used to be amazing at hearing whether a parent was coming upstairs.
Pretty sure it's a rubber toy made to look like one
then its lost man. So sad!...its terrible
Can’t see him doing well in the premier league tbh. Wouldn’t be surprised if he ends up wishing he stayed at Dortmund.
The real bad beat.
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*
I believe the GM of Seattle would be known as “His Royal bitch pigeoness”
No sure what’s going on here, but [NAME] was one of my absolute favorites growing up
That's an extremely ignorant thing to say
Appreciate the help!
I love the sense of humor on this sub. It gets me.
Yeah I love the shenanigans he gets up to. Shame he hasn't been able to get up to much recently though.
[NAME] this was hard to get through. Please crosspost to r/sadcringe
This has been reposted so many times the photo is degrading.
Tastes better? Or maybe totally worse I don’t have experience
All these soldiers taking a load of their feet... I feel ashamed for my homeland !!
I live in Orlando, where was this? lol
I came here for this. You and your fancy teeth filled with toxic PFAS can bite me!
“Okay [NAME] you’re doing great I love you. Later can I have some pets”
Oh sweet! I'm a bit farther but go into the city all the time. I'm around 50 min by train.
It’s a circlejerk that’s so strong it could power a small country
Thank you for explaining:)
Such a cool pic! Really wish the moon was in the dead middle though 🙃🙃
Thanks for posting OP, much love to the [NAME] out there.
It was weird, but there were usually just 5/6 players at each scene at most, and the rest would be usually doing other stuff.
Thank you u/closeteverything69, very cool!
When she gives you the 10 minute hangry warning
"It's funny cause you say socialists have an ""ignorance of economics"" while posting on an anarcho-capitalist sub :) I think you clearly fundamentally misunderstand socialism. "
Since their job is to keep us safe, I would argue that it is very important.
Sorry just seemed like you were trying to make it a [NAME] thing
Daaaaang I bet he had a headache after that
You are amazing. You really and truly are. I'm so proud of you. Hugs.
You / he must be doing an excellent job, then. I've never encountered one. 
Nice of you to jump in for no reason, very cool.
Still concluding I’m disingenuous despite getting your facts wrong. Big ego you’ve got.
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.
This isn't a sport from Holland it's from Frisia, the title is wrong
Finally something nice
I'm disappointed by him not bragging about his 99 level atheism.
I'm going to pretend this question was asked in all honesty, and upvote. Besides the answer below is great.
it's so cold today I nearly cried just from the temperature and wind I DONT LIKE IT
 that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/
I think I'm kinda the same way like I change up so much everything I say feels like a lie... See just did it again. Fuck.
It's a weird way of saying you don't want to see my penis
That explains why the dude in the back reacts the way he does... thank you!
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.
Wow, a Walmart Truck Stop. I think that would be outstanding! They should do that everywhere, I mean they already have the land.
Disconcerting how much I see this guy’s trash propaganda on my reddit feed
Had the item hit you, I would have asked security to hold them, for you to press charges for assault. No one should be entertaining that foolishness
As much as I’d love [NAME] to be gone, i know they never would 
Lol what boyfriend
Same here. Waiting for the doctor rn. Hope you're ok
That guy face was soul crushing
Sonic boom is funny as hell. I love the writing so much.
Definitely was a nonononoyes for me there lol, I'm a horrible person
That’s what we keep trying to tell TSCC!!! ;)
That was a perfectly crafted joke and I see nothing wrong here.
At least the ice didnt break
What does that even mean? What a uselessly vague statement.
You could weigh even more than 152 at 10% 6 ft tall! But yes, that is the goal physique for many gym rats. 
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!
oh okay gotcha! i was really baffled at that lol
Go check out the survey recently posted on AskFeminists. There are a lot of [NAME] openly admitting it.
It didnt last long sadly
That sounds a little paranoid
The rhyme scheme is amazing
It’s disgusting
Alright. I’ll do that. I just don’t want to fail the cdcs you know thank you.
Sorry pal but your just England’s b team
Betcha he just needed a new tube of that colour for his kit, & thought it'd be funny to mess with your heads. 
Oh cool. Did everything else that got listed not happen either?
Press fucken charges the moment they use your info.
My nuts hurt watching that second part
Crisis centers are not only for battered women they are for abused women as well. From the looks of it, they are all abusing you. 
Ah ok. Thank you!
No, no the PTA has not disbanded!
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD CONGRATS!!!!
my mom caught be masturbating to dominatrix porn (i was bored of vanilla shit) LOL But porn addiction is bad because it can stop you from approaching women etc
Given the horses ass you lot made of the last one, I think it’s best to put this idea on the back burner.
His mind is free of anxiety he is now able to concentrate
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.
could be, I have a distant aunt that's like 6 foot (we're kashmiri-punjabi).
I'm supposed to be going to see [NAME] at the cinema tonight. Truely resenting this decision, want to watch [NAME] so bad
Not to mention that the full video is part of the kids PR campaign according to [NAME] idiot
I wish someone were there to scream this at me every day.
True, we take pink and black pills daily, even some stacies are conscious of world around them being a grim place.
Sorry, not sorry, but this seems wrong and extremely disrespectful.
"The real worst though is when she says, ""I love you more"" 100% seriously."
I think making fun of him will just piss him off.
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.
He said i am being rude to her
I call even my dog my love (in local language) as a way to be caring to others.
Thank you. I have never seen the word typed in that way before.
I wish non-BPD people understood the pain of a relationship ending like we do. It's crippling and lasts forever.
It's been 10 minutes, I'm still laughing 😂😂😂
time to stop concerning yourself with brexiteers and start worrying about what went so wrong in the EU before more countries decide to depart
Power trip blindness is scary; how someone can't see the obvious aftermath of acting like this with their employees?
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.
You don't hand your baby to perfect strangers in public. You keep them close and mitigate exposure to the best of your ability.
No. I've been bashing it for its very noticable issues that have plagued it for 3 years that the cw wont fix.
Thanks alot!
i like turtles
I went to college in his hometown. He's a grouchy old man who cares a lot about politics
My favourite scene in the movie.
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!
This dude live near me. All my highschool classmates are big fans of his and look up to him.
That’s bull crap call.
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.
It was [NAME] I think? And I only remember because I was surprised and then disappointed.
"If that's true, then you can't call what I would have with option 1 ""omnipotence""."
I have a feeling you're one of those far rightist trump supporters trying to use [NAME]. Your uncaring, almost sociopathic idealogies make me sick.
Haven’t forgotten, but let’s get his ridiculous defense up to par. 
OMG my [NAME] hates it too but she does it to me all the time
We're out of the environment, it's ok.
and op is NOT self deprecating
There were rumors for a long time to work out and I ended up making it smaller.
Don’t let them get you down man. Nothing wrong with a cozy night at home by yourself.
You're not, because I don't either. But I can still search Twitter. You know what else I found? Your evidence was deleted.
I wish it were. It would be funny to imply that [NAME] won [NAME] shirt!
It's great having both [NAME] and [NAME]
Man, this just gets funnier even after seeing it for the 30th time in the last month! /s
It doesn't, it just resets back to 1 *before* adding in your upvote. You're not gaming the system lol
Understandable in this day and age of gaming.
I was trying to make a friend that was being a douche jealous by telling him I was having a 3 some. Accidentally messaged it to my father.
Next time something like this happens tell them it's illegal to pet a working service dog and they could be sent to jail for it
Yep. ~~(Also, I'm not interested in getting arrested so sorry.)~~
I know! It amazes me every day, but I'm SO, SO thankful for those lists.
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me
Literally nothing. Every single thing on my body is ugly. I'm not exaggerating or imagining things.
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.
>I want to believe that everyone deserves love They absolutely do! And he loves himself enough already! Too much, in fact.
Yeah i know, i'm just stating why it slipped my mind, i'm glad you brought it up. 
I just don't want to see them shame themselves, and actually show their worth and virtue instead of showing themsleves to be a walking sexual object
The 1st 5 minutes of this game will be key. Hope they come out with some passion. Go Oil
Disagree wholeheartedly. I'm actually amazed anyone can think this way.
Buddy rocket league fair? I’m play 2 but I play like champion 1 and just get shit teammates 😡
Oh I didn’t realize you were saying that, my bad . And yes that’s a great idea that would help develop him 
Thanks for explaining it to me! I did have an adaptor thing to connect to HDMI, I will double check tonight
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.
Thanks for sharing.
Lol I need to see this movie again.
Rain and snow, the whitetail mountains would have looked so nice covered in snow
The only term I really use is “sis” for effect, imo referring to a guy as “she/her” is a little weird to me 
Holy shit he hit him hard
He's given them a year and a new budget. Everyone knew this was going to happen.
Bottom right is the cutest
You've been muted. Usually awarded for extreme toxicity, don't worry though its temporary.
You can't be worse than [NAME], your hired!
Can't wait to see the corporate oligarchs that are *lucky* enough to *randomly* get picked.
honestly this made me smile like an idiot on the subway, thank you.
It dulls the pain
I'm seeing the error using Chrome both on MacOs Desktop and Android. I'm glad it seems to just be me though. Apologies for the snarkiness.
Lol nah i’m not playing your game dude. Have a good night
Huh? edit: /u/DanVsStu I have no idea what this show even is - you have the wrong account
At least we know they have good taste
She had so so so many great looks. I can’t remember them all now, but she hardly ever made a misstep in regards to fashion. 
You are so stunning! A very classic beauty.
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] 
We don't undervalue him, almost any and all experts thing he is just not worth his contract.
This world doesn't deserve baby sloths!
Looked like [NAME] for some reason
It’s a really depressing show. Kinda like Mad Men.
“Thrive has changed not just your life but mine as well.” 🙄 yeah, definitely a child’s sentence structure
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.
Ur a dumbass
I'm proud that this is the first response I see.
Or it's awesome! It looks so nice out with the sunshine and all the new snow.
The absolute worst!
Because sometimes the middle is still wrong
You forgot about Argentina, 30k people died here because of the USA
I'm sad that you are against abortion. Can I drop my unwanted baby off at your door ?
This is kinda sad
Ketamine is absolutely bizarre in high doses. I lack the words to really describe it. I've never felt so detatched from my own humanity.
Then the school had a special assembly to honor this hero and everyone clapped.
Lmao, I remember [NAME] saying this was the best game he'd ever played and was debating whether he should switch from HS.
Well one of our leading candidates is [NAME] so it's not like we're killing it in our search either
It gives me hope as well!
This post is a waste of time and doesn't belong here.
Alexa play Sad!
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred
The problem is your husband. If he prioritized you, he would have figured something out. I’m so sorry.
No worries! But I figure the written recipe should be handy for some folks.
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.
To annoy you That's the real on reason
Thank you OP , I can finally look at a picture of [NAME] without vomiting. 
Predatory towing is getting ridiculous. I have up to date stickers for all the properties I maintain and have been towed twice. Fuck em.
Lost my kid to the system, wanna see wha the wee lassie has tae say
Nothin worse that doin the smooth criminal to be able to piss in the toilet
I still like beer.
And losing to division rivals gives them the tie breaker, no? Very frustrating. 
Shut up 15 year-old
There are racist morons everywhere.
That’s not a very humble opinion at all.
Nice. Spotted it having a feed of quandong as well by the looks of it.
Nah, you did all right.
Being someone who has severe anxiety and in this predicament before, you need to do what’s best for YOU
For those wondering: that appears to be a sycamore. It's one of the biggest tree species in the eastern USA.
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.
[NAME] i will laugh so hard if [NAME] actually bombs AS5
On the other hand, I'm pretty sure the Phoenix VA is actively trying to kill me lol.
Could have been worse if a piece of metal exploded into him instead harmlessly on the beach
What tickles me is how much you seem to dislike [NAME], despite being exactly like him lol
I cant stand [NAME]
I'm so uncomfortable.
Crazy how quick people are to forget.
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL
Bee happy! ' v')
Fuck it, it's every man/woman for themselves in this fucked City. I've given up caring.
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker
I'm sorry my Baby [NAME] joke made you so angry.
I can see that! Let's say that I'm less enthused by that idea now than I was after Mania last year...
I am eternally grateful that youtube did not exist while I was doing all my weird shit growing grow.
Yah, I'm a bad girl. In fact I'm bad at everything.
Funny. I take mine out of the hair tie and leave it down or in a loose clip.
Thank you...
It's funny how BMI doesn't measure those things. My torque wrench doesn't measure alpha radiation either.
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy
Pleasure!:)
They're absolutely relaxing in this 3rd quarter, 7 points in 5 minutes so far...
That’s depressing
Maybe one day but I am very cultured*
The fingertip save against [NAME] in the Champions League Final shootout is forever etched in my brain. What a legend.
It was a great AMA too
You don't even provide a verifiable example, why should I accept your evidence.
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!
I wish AOC was old enough to run for president
Thanks!!!
Makes me want to go shit on the doorstep of 540 Hampshire Street (Good2go HQ)
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness
Genitals in general are just kinda creepy, fleshy bits.
As much as I don’t like his splits would have liked him on that contract that’s a huge miss for the dodgers imo.
Idk, the Teen Mom subs are bad for this too. Really bad. 
please stop pointing your fingers in my face
I don’t think I’ve ever seen that many downvotes.
Ok, I guess I gotta show some commitment, thanks!
time flies so fast when you're 18. i didnt expect id turn 30 and still a virgin. hah
I want to go back in time and hug you as a child (after you got the lice treated tho).
I used it for a while. It made me way more sociable and generally happier, optimistic Less anxious and stuck up Until it didnt, so enjoy it while it lasts
I do this when rolling haha
I cant get a cat but derpy behavior makes me want one so bad
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.
I've played around pretty extensively with this mod in [NAME] mode with friends. I'd recommend it.
Thank you XD
So wrong. Most every denomination believes they are the only ones who are doing it right and everyone else is going to rot in hell.
This isn't a meme its a cry for help
Hahaha I wish I was that witty at the time, I think I was still in naive shock at the rudeness of people in retail. 
I just actually listed it for trade haha. I can’t use paypal unfortunately as I’m under 18
I repent. I repent. Oh [NAME] [NAME], I do repent.
And she will try so be careful op
Think this was an underrated signing. Dudes such a beast when he’s on, can go multiple innings.
You just defended him with a bunch of doublespeak bullshit so I’m gonna have to disagree. You’re a fucking idiot.
Dr [NAME] is the best! :)
13 year old account, this guy is ancient. 
I'm so sorry. Hang in there.
Such dumbass,I think I'm going to take my dog somewhere else
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D
105 strikeouts over 81 2/3 innings. that's good lol [NAME]
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.
I stopped watching [NAME] the moment vie when they made the sub surface and I realised they were rewriting history. It's insulting.
[NAME] and Resident Evil Biohazard, great afternoon.
Oooh I haven't heard of that one. I'll look around.
I was actually coming here to add a comment about her! She’s so cute and talented!
Don't forget the fort camper.
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair
ITS MAM!
I live in a valley so it's effectively earlier than that for me.
It's not uncommon for OTPs to not use their mics or stay out of chat all together because of all the flame they get.
Great shot, from experience very difficult. 
Damn rui lol. Serving looks.
I cannot sadly, good luck though.
I would be impressed if [NAME] ate 15% of his weight every day I wish I lived in a state where the contest was valid. Stupid NY
Yes, and then look hurt when you glare at them for causing a scene and/or not being just as tickled as they are.
I work at an R1 university, with most of my team composed of CS/CE undergrad students. Yes, I've known many...
So proud our sub is leaking into facebook
Just be sure to take some condoms with you.
... with my stepmom. Haha. Erm.
Thank you for explaining it better than my rambling. I agree.
That’s pretty awesome :)
I post on the the Donald you think I give a fat flying fuck?
Galaxy brained hot take Your IQ must be near [NAME] levels of hyperinteligence
If this is true 2020 is done. We won't have control of the presidency or Congress for decades.
Omg this is repulsive
I gave up on the show over and over before I adopted 'just skip around'. Ended up finishing all of 3-6.
First season got a lot of attention. I didn’t like the second season as much
Nobody has been banned lol
Yeah you have great solidarity with evil reigimes.
Actually really like this one Edit: nice shoes too, v annoyed at resell prices 😔
Please. I can’t even with these comments.
Best email ever
My bad if I just leaked /u/keypuncher and /u/ibiteyou 's Christmas card photo...
Cute but I dont like where this is going
Thanks, but please use the stickied megathread for all discussion and submissions. Repost it over there.
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.
The joke is that people still do this, so it is humorous that you are implying it's a thing of the past.
Disgusting. This is blatant nepotism, and that man should be ashamed.
Yeah but who’s to blame when you are put into a seemingly meaningless game when all you care about is one rank. Bad system.
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked
I don’t think so. The rest of her profile was completely serious. She had photos from art museums and discussed politics in her profile.
I blame [NAME].
“I am so sorry! That was not my intention at all. My apologies” so charming. They do give you warning though
I can try. That sounds interesting. Its hard for me to not be interrupted at my house too. But ill definitely try.
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.
They’ve always been bad my guy
Thanks! I’m only traveling for a week So I will for sure have less than 30g.
May you find and skin the perpetrator. My apologies to your family. ❤
No! but they seem awesome!
Truth Yeah keep living in your reality lol Delusional idiot
"Was the song ""New Light""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"
poor [NAME]. Someone else on here called her [NAME] from Family Ties. 😂😂 I legit feel for her.
Congratulations on securing your CF Future!!!
You are so ugly even tears wont show up near you
Redditors can really come together in a time of dire need.
You make less than zero sense.
No,no, you are right we should murder everyone we hate other wise hateful people win. 
Best comment ever.
I'm not covering for anybody, trump included.
I don’t really mind pickles, it’s just that they’re warm and soggy and there’s 1000 of them.
Yeah whether or not an animal is cute is pretty subjective, I was just in a bad mood when I wrote the post honestly.
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw
I love this! 🇦🇺
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.
I'm...not going to let him see me cry.
up shut fuck the
So you ignored the part I was clearly responding to, though, and decided you needed to explain the other thing. That makes sense to you?
The woman types like she isn’t a native speaker of English. Which worries me immensely.
My parents died. I wish they were someplace warm that I could visit them with their grandchild, and they could visit too.
U would be right. Oh yeah yeah
Well keep planting more!!!
ah, if only i could hug a beautiful and understanding woman and cry all my depression around her neck.
I can’t wait!!!
My response would have been, If [NAME] sees me as unworthy, then I do believe that [NAME] would have more use for my tithings.
An admirable effort
I recently ate here and it changed my life. Get the steak sandwich with roasted peppers and goat cheese. You will not regret it.
Good idea, thanks
oh Ye crazy again for 2019 huh
Oh, man. The whole story telling methodology was well done, and well paced.
It was pretty cool seeing him play all the horrible games based off his childhood stardom on AVGN’s YouTube channel. Fucking [NAME].... Bane of my childhood.
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic
Thank you. Its only applicable if its not in the customer's favor and if they follow other stipulations.
Well, I say good luck to you !
Thanks for the tip, just got some FYH Caesar on sale, can’t wait to try it!
Discuss equality, be labeled troll. Good bye. I am so disappointed. In humanity.
Sorry to hear about that! Are you just under observation? Any anti-clotting drugs they're pushing?
Where’s the joke? I can’t even figure out why someone would laugh at this.
Konami?! They havent made a relevant or decent game since the 90s.
He probably banked on the inherent secrecy of the community and ignorance (on Belgian law) of his victims.
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭
Of course. It would mean you owe them an unspecified favor in the future. That would be horrible.
This one tilted concrete square in my neighborhood that I keep fucking tripping over.
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.
Please just tell me [NAME] is in the top four
I'll continue to be dumb for supporting a company I like. Thanks for your input poor.
This game is a pain in the ass. There are few things as infuriating as getting dicked by 3s all game. Flashbacks to the 2nd Orlando game.
"He didn't ""die"". The dude behind pink guy doesn't want to continue being pink guy"
Good looking calamari.
*Samsung Other Android phones don't have Bixby, that's Samsung's BS (and yeah, it's terrible. I have the button / feature completely disabled)
I didn't realize it was that common of a thing for guys to do xD
Same. I felt like I haven’t found the “right” therapist. Hang in there and hug your little one tight!
I mean... this is some shit right here
with a locker room like this is looking to be, I don't think Ohio State is done losing games that they shouldn't
After dating 2 of them, I can say I fully agree.
Yeah I’m going to need to see more of him.😍, thank you 
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.
[NAME] are the liars, we know.
I eat crayons I shit crayons
I mean, this very post is climate change denial related, which has zero to do with the second amendment, so I don't get your point 
Right? This pops up like atleast once a month, for months now. Dude needs serious therapy...
Democrips & Rebloodicans was my favorite.
Thanks for the info, I was thinking the same.
My DW made this realization. She is a smart one...and a keeper.
I don't like the zombey cookies.
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.
No he didn't lol every ref gives that. He was looking for it but it's still a foul
Interesting situation. You're actually supporting a strong awesome woman, but everyone who sees you is just gonna think you're a misogynistic psycho.
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.
My parents just couldn't understand that pick
Every team is beatable just maybe not by us
I actually like the progression of the [NAME] story. I think he has a chance to have a fantastic arc between FC5 and New Dawn.
“That’s up to you” Clearly it is not up to you, or you wouldn’t have had a flipping miscarriage! 
Yeah, it’s just a pointless invasive comment when it’s coming from a stranger. 
Yeah I'm a moderator there. I'll let you post anything there because I'm a nice mod.
She just missed her shot at a champagne douche.
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.
But he's relieving pressure. Just count yourself lucky he doesn't cough when he farts.
De un tronco a otro. I hope they wake up!
Honestly I’ve seen kids that age do really gross stuff
So sorry to hear about your abnormal growth. I'm now green with envy. Are there other celestial gods that can identify with existence?
You should have asked her out. It would have made her feel better after that and you might have scored a date.
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. 
I mean that’s a stupid rule that creates an echo chamber, but I don’t see how that belongs here.
True, the commonly affiliated ones are mostly just sheer ignorance or things like that.
You people are the one's who got me here! Thanks to everybody who helped me reach 80+K upvotes:)
"The true perk is ""knowing all the good local spots"""
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!
So glad she died
Yeah im sure the chinaman who made this in his tiny noodle house for one millionth of a yuan is super stoked about this.
Because I felt like it, just as you felt like announcing you basic grooming while trying to be insulting. 🙄😏🤷‍♀️
Pretty impressed that they have pork roll there tbh
Thank you. It is somewhat comforting to think this may be the real issue and not that she just doesn't want to with me anymore.
New flavour! I love it!
All the best. Safe travels.
Haha, I feel that
oh my [NAME] the hands... so small... but so powerful...
Exactly, you never know. Good luck for Monday!
I had hot dogs. They were delicious, lol!
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.
I am also interested in this link!
I am happy with North Sydney, Milson's Point or Kirribilli and happy with the 19th too!
Wow great video. I love her.
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy
Good to hear that! I’ve seen many ppl trashing [NAME] customer service so I was kinda worried
If you went through the campaign, idk what needs to be explained 😂 
Thanks, bud!
That's just... Wow. I would've called CPS on her.
I am sorry little one
As an [NAME] I just want you to know that I appreciate you.
Just cut it all of, you won’t look bad
i also cried
Excellent as always
<3 It was hilarious, sorry I doubted you!
Hows it smell down there 9 points below the wild card spot. Ya fuckin pine cone
He looks like that one guy
i mean, never listened to zepellin much, not even acdc, i didnt know acdc suck
Fry a egg with that bad boy. And you got yourself a nice breakfast.
Oooh I see! Oh god yes, [NAME] is one of the best things about England. I also quite like [NAME], for my sins!
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.
I feel left out... I never get invited to our new world order meetings with our elders of zion
I don’t think we want some sort of incest plot arising here
I dealt drugs like FIZZLE ROCKS to help my sick mom.
It's not like UK monetary policy massively diverges from the Euro
"LOL at one of [NAME] favorite activities being ""observing people""...including [NAME]! "
I set the house on fire and almost killed my entire family
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex. 
A tree is useful today and 20 years ago, these people aren't.
Cool! Tell me more about yourself---PM me if you're more comfortable.
.5x speed. Every moment I enjoy would last longer and any time I find myself in a pickle, I'll have more time to react appropriately.
Thanks a ton man. I definitely do overthink a lot and I’d serve myself well letting life come to me more often
That poor snek :’(
Watson is a great dog name! I think you just named my next dog!
Joke's on u, I already have small penis!
Ah okay, I see! Thanks for the clarification.
Doesn't even make sense. You don't say dollars 5 so why put the dollar sign in front
Most of the people commenting in /r/Libertarian aren't libertarians, but are just there to tell libertarians how stupid and evil they are.
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick
So I'm not ugly I'm hideous
Faceee, you see all those models, be it plus sized, underweight or fit, all have one thing in common , good facial features
He was off by 5 minutes, not impressed. 
That's true, but you see, one man can really make a difference. [NAME] I loved the movie
Hmmm I dont think I listen to only [NAME] if I last checked. These arent INTP playlists they're just playlists I like as an INTP
Wow, I had a cousin named [NAME] who ordered corn. Very nice lady, she died 2 years ago. Miss her xoxo
[NAME] I HATE those.
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!
Yes what the fuck is going on here
That isn't in the rule.
As someone who is about to be 29 this is the realest thing I’ve ever seen.
And based on the film of [NAME] novel *Johnny Got His Gun*, both worth checking out.
Do you fucken mind
Lol I learned how to train on the app no joke
Unless wages for food service workers change you better keep tipping.
The scorpion one on the swing set looked so bad. I think I heard her back break/crack.
Thank. Regardless, the fact that you can stay at 1mg kpins is fantastic
removed the bit calling you a right winger. Sorry.
Second, you accuse everyone who didn't ignore you of being a Russian propaganda poster
I’m naming my dog Sebastian! So I can kinda relate ( lol, def not the same). Love the name though.
Oh you got me. Good one.
if your paraphilia is public facing at any point in your life I think it's reasonable to assert that there's something wrong
I feel that way about [NAME] antis saying [NAME] and [NAME] antis saying [NAME]. But I’m also terrible and laugh every time I see it.
I wish Florida was a thing for me... But I'm keeping toasty with a little liquor love in Erie, PA... 
Welcome home, sister (assuming from your username)! May [NAME] love always burn in your heart!
Thanks! I'll check it out! :)
lovely! the real grass and metal roses compliment each other.
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b
i am uncomfortable
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter
I don't even know. Fyi I have this disorder that made me even antisocial day by day...
Yea the conversation went as expected and now I'm looking for a new job. Thanks to all for the help
you keep telling yourself that - now go back to sleep before you embarrass yourself even more
My face imitated the Pikachu meme for a long time...
unplanned pregnancy != rape Not commenting on the beings involved in the story up above, but seriously those two things are not equivalent
Crocodile tears.. 🙄🐊
Lightborn, [NAME] Demise, Look at a wall, Bait out the flashlight person, Slug. Wow, so hard.
People on reddit love trying to change the definition of words to suit their points
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!
I have a hunch that [NAME] is the mastermind of the whole operation.
This is the shitposting I love
Yes I'm trips fail like that nothing you can do about it but brush yourself off and try again tomorrow
Well he hasn’t dont anything good ever. So sorry I’m not very excited about this trade.
Someone who's done very little to earn your ire. Did I piss in your cornflakes?
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox
Adjust grip, change how you aim, and don’t worry about it.
I wasn't trying to counter your whole argument by objecting to a particular bit I found particularly silly
I’ll read that, thanks!
That’s not true at all. I play on xbox and you can’t Loot teammates you or any squad mates kill.
Oh I will be independent. I don't need someone like that in my life.
That sounds awesome! Thanks for the reply!
You're delusional
I hate to break it to you but [NAME] ARENT signing here
You are correct. But sometimes you might have a plan or you have to improvise. I’m glad it worked.
You should come. You'd enjoy it.
I feel like that’s not the best spot for a beach
That was very interesting. Thanks for effort to write this up!
Kid looks like he's about to cry
[NAME] lines especially. They're all so good because originally [NAME] was going to play that character.
the older i get the more it hurts
Cause emotions are difficult and people fear rejection
Searching is fun, and finding and learning all the spawns is satisfying.
[NAME] is the best character in cinematic history
RAIN was amazing Strange seeing [NAME] and [NAME] looking so much younger
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank
Spurs gonna get two in a row over us. Embarrassing
Keep fighting the good fight
"LOL top right one says ""It's MY birthday"""
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE
Where did people get this? It’s hilariously wrong.
Thank you for these advices can't wait to make them to the test ;)
The ruling class doesn't care. Their only goal is to plunder and loot the country for their own financial gain.
Right, we don't know for certain. It was just what I've heard. We'll have to wait until we can test it.
She really does and She really isn't! She's an old, tired ass, busted up, con artist hoe!
“…Don’t try it, [NAME]. I have the (moral) high ground!” 
Sorry its such a long post guys
You’re right, I was thinking of AiG or the Discovery Institute. 
Removed, stop trolling.
Wow, the cropping on this shitpost is as bad as it gets.
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless
True. You always gotta be careful. It's pretty sad actually. I feel used and abused.
Oof, yeah sorry my dude, it came across as pro-wall to me. Probably what happened with others as well.
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy
I don't think you should expect solid logic out of someone who believes [NAME] exists.
...to win the popular vote, which she easily did.
I feel you. It's weird that we don't see [NAME] or [NAME] in the promotional stuff though.
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.
great reference my friend
Yep - I was meaning for that to be rhetorical. And thanks, I'm looking out for numero uno!!!
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...
What the fuck who likes cold
Now that is an original Idea!!!
Nothing happens. However, I'm glad that ICOs have ceased to appear. 
> spending money I think you meant earning. Or they actually spent the money on the way home lol.
I miss being practically jello as a kid
Palace please don’t fucking bottle this
Considering the fact that I don't consider jealousy or envy useful, you are dead wrong. It might be other people but not me.
And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!
I'm so triggered!!!!!!! Please stop you are hurting us with your comments!?!?!?!?!?
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits
That was a hell of a tip, that happens
Damn, good luck dude hope it goes well.
Old Firm game also on the same day. Media won't care about the rugby.
You can see the regret in the eyes
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot
The human species is more intelligent and sentient than any other animal species that's why.
Mine used to tell „you complain too much“. I was also angry when I was with him. I‘m not like that.
If packaging sound policy with Hindutva is the only field booming especially in the coming chaos we’ll be set.
They should prank their customers by having someone act out being given a colombian neck tie while getting a shave.
Eventually sure. But the question really lacked the maybe later option lol
The dad is like ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY Jokes aside, good on the dad and the 2nd pissed off dude Tryin to make a change :-
there's no ventilation shafts in the dumb things, block the exits and make a bonfire.
I fucking change my mind, something wonderful has happened! Please don't make me go dead, tomorrow.
Ahem...of the savoury kind.
Hey look It's a Bernout from Potomac! Lol
This is great! [NAME] the legend
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*
That does make sense. Thanks.
Feeling better now?
i managed to craft that super early in the game and i was so disappointed that i basically could not get drunk
And the guy getting out of the front car acting like the car doesn’t know he’s trying to back up, unbelievable 
But [NAME] is fine
Being a [NAME] is no different from being a [NAME]. Both have caused genocides. I hate how our society only focuses on one though!
Can this guy just land himself in jail already so we don't have to hear about him anymore
Sorry for late reply Rosetta is an actual name, it is different than Noctis, Rosetta doesn't hit you like a cricket bat when you hear it.
Pokemon Go has kind of helped me with depression, tbh. 
Hahaha thanks for sharing that is simply amazing. You probably gave the buyer a good laugh too.
i don't think we really need to sign anybody to replace [NAME] assuming that pulls through, we can go small ball with [NAME] at the 4 or [NAME]
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this
I applaud both of you for taking whatever action you can to make this succeed. Sorry I couldn’t offer any advice. Good luck.
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.
Hell yeah buddy things are looking up.
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! 
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.
I might be stupid but I thought [NAME] wore #16?
Thanks for the sauce boss
Isn’t banning people for their point of view against the whole fucking concept
I try my damndest. Hard to be sad these days when I got this guy with me
Sweeter than ever.
[NAME] type awkwardness that some thots go nuts for.
I didn't mean for that to sound racist I just mean those [NAME] in the article
That is one cute baby. I don’t think all babies are cute either. But this is a really cute baby.
Oh sorry, i thought you were having a dig at him lol. 
DoorDash will refund you if you didn’t receive it. Just contact their support.
Hurt his ankle but he’s okay apparently
Like and smash that subscribe button, I'll see you in the next video for my best v-bucks giveaway yet
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance
Put away the screen and go outside. You'll feel much better.
You got down voted.. but you're absolutely right. I am now looking into one. Sweet.
Ahem. Second best NA
Good luck!
I once looked for my phone with my phone flash light
Thanks man. You too
You’re hardly qualified to talk.
Which is weird because it also looks like dog treats
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]
And someone downvoted you for that smh
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this
Nope, but I'm sure it was mostly sales, you can lose a lot of clients if they lose the salesperson they have a relationship with.
They look pretty great tbh stache and all
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.
You're ugly
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace
I dont like my rights being restricted on the grounds of race. That is the issue.
I’ve been banned twice there so I unsubscribed and joined this sub. This sub IS SO MUCH BETTER!
This is just so beautiful, man! 
The god awful CGI is honestly entertainment enough!
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.
Not an RFA my dude
They sound amazing :)
*and, sorry for the spelling mistake
Really wish we had got something like this!
Wayakum, [NAME] make it easy for you inshAllah. Feel free to PM me if you or your brother have any questions. Would love to help out.
congrats. i'm broken rn but if I wasn't I'd be happy for you
Keep going... 😏😏😏😏
Both parents were drunk. Where were the small children? You helped her cheat and possibly contribute to child neglect. Awesome.
Apologies, sir
"Its actually ""[NAME]"" , not ""[NAME]"".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened "
[NAME] is honestly really badass and he has a great design I hope they give him something good to do in 11
I hate when that happens.
Looks sick actually.
"They seem to have very ""sick"" laws in Saudi Arabia. Where women don't have any protection from government against their perpetrators."
that tease tonight lowered my hopes
biological gender isn't real. it's biological sex. do some research
I swear these people would try to sell shoes to someone without feet.
That’s the face of trying your best not to smile at a bad pun.
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(
The phone calls in the first 10 minutes are absolutely damning.
no one loves me
Calling a 40k salary a humblebrag is still pretty funny in a self-deprecating way.
At least you have some girl to talk with at work.
I mean, he is a terrible president. 
What about [NAME]? [NAME] I hate her.
You're not retarded. It's a natural reaction to a lousy upbringing. Love your username BTW.
My comment wasn't aimed at you... try to relax
Ugh. Nice season from him, hoping he can build on it next year and play a bigger role at the world juniors.
We did it chief
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off
U damn clown, she prolly felt so embarrassed and you’re just like meh
disappointing click of the day
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. 
If money's not a problem for you and you badly need to get braces then go for it, the sooner the faster your teeth can get adjusted.
"Innovation means ""I pridefully made this"" in China."
Yeah, I actually like the combination of the two styles of names thought. Love the LAFC and the LA Galaxy...lol
How terrible. Imagine waiting this long only to die the day before release? I always get that minor anxiety before a highly anticipated album!!
I second disagreeing that they are awesome.
Wow!!!
Looks great but am I the only one who can't hear anything?
Because the universe is dumb and not fair, but we can make it less dumb
Not practicing with the team, seems like a bad sign for playing today. 
I fucking love that you actually educated me a little about punk. Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definetly listen to them.
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.
*[NAME] (hopefully) wins roast
you too! And I'm glad to hear you support your daughters rock/fandom love:)
I've not- I'll have to put it on my watchlist.
this makes me miss my girflriend
I bet you're not the only one. That space is kinda safe... go be slightly challenging. ;)
I was almost certain it was gonna be [NAME]
Lol for some reason this made me snort hard. Thank you.
Yeah, I don’t like my friend’s opinion either
[NAME] and [NAME] made their own beds with their own actions. But I agree with this too .
It's super funny 😂
That’s blasphemous 😩
[NAME] I hate this man
I think it's a r/fuckyoukaren joke
Well, never thought I'd be here, but here I am, someone who passionately hates the Florida Panthers 
And why isn’t it ranked average, Bayern are second most average but ranked 4th for most supported, cmon now they just had less games....
Uh, no. Not even remotely.
lmao i love this!
this is good. well done.
That's really interesting.
I didn't even think about counselors or talking to my obgyn. That's a great idea! I really appreciate the advice and encouragement :)
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted
Well I did have one balanced meal...before a few alcoholic beverages.
Yup, already blocked his number, he was never supportive 
He's funny for sure... lol!
No kids, I have a broken oven. When my marriage fell apart that was a blessing.
Sorry to say it, but you will have to do that for now It sucks 
the fuck is wrong with this guy
"I'm irritated by the upside down ""Anti Crease"" bit more than anything. "
You seem fun.
And I barely said anything 😂😂
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?
I’d pass unless he cost nothing of significance.
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.
Yeah because a country can't multitask. Go pedal your propaganda elsewhere
Fuck is exactly what she's good for
I know it’s out of control!
Yeah i checked her teeth out and they are okay. I was worried about that as well
Oh yeah! He was great for us. 0.69 ERA in 24 G with 10.7 K/9. I forgot about him.
Imagine being that much of a useless parasite
Lmaoooo alright sure you did hardo.
I did too. A shame, because it looks to be a good movie otherwise.
Here’s a little update lol so far I’ve had 3 matches today and all of them were “cam models” lmfao
For some reason I'm imagining a hauty, French snorting laugh.
I will, eventually. Thank you for the kind words.
I agree, I love acdc, I just don't love the comments on their songs cause so many of them are dumb lmao
Lol this fan base has the memory of a goldfish.
This gives me anxiety and heartburn just looking at it!
It's the same with librarians. Out someplace, see someone with a confused look, and that autopilot kicks in. 
hell yeah my brother
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight
There is no quick fix to controlling it better. For pwBPD it tends to require a lot of therapy, often DBT.
Wasn't hurtful at all. It felt comforting to me reading it. We're all good.
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun
Arguing a player is the GOAT among every position is just a dumb argument to even begin with when it comes to football.
Heard Sale players yelling at the refs and nothing has come of it, seems odd to suddenly have an issue with it
Play dumb all you want, you know what that has to do with it.
> If everyone is put on the same level, where’s the competition? That's not what communism is..
I so badly wish we could all gain this mindset and keep it. How easy would life be.
Well then outlive your enemy, get pass your old self that is the enemy and you can outlive the enemy
Guys have been asking this throughout history. Trying to get laid without commitment is not okay. Marriage is important and so is the paperwork.
Yes! Wonder how tall the girls will end up 😂
There is nothing worth saying about that insipid shaving cream ad. I haven't seen it and nothing will convince me to change that.
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰
Liberals have become the very thing they accuse everyone else of. Being intolerant and racist.
No kidding. That was extremely disappointing.
A surprise to no one. Absolute stud.
Ditto. I never pay attention to who’s posting comments I disagree with. What difference does it make?
Def not nypd lmao, but u hear you 
It seemed weird to me as well. It's just 10mcg of cyanocobalamin with some fillers like corn starch and celulose.
A sad amount of time was spent making this.
No, instant transmission is only to places you've been and people you know
Dude, she had just lost her baby, too. 
that looks like a nightmare.
No, but a cast member did talk to him after his yelling. 
When's he due? (Sorry, couldn't resist)
An attractive woman falling down and exposing her butt. It's weird that he'd go so 0 to 60 on such a thing.
I can’t believe you’re comparing drug use to interracial marriage. Racists like you disgust me.
Females would be pressured the other way obviously
I meant one sided comment. My bad
Felt like yesterday when they got married in that barn/bar/bistro. Truly the halcyon days.
I read that as [NAME]. Lol
Whoever is breeding and seeking out these inbred animals is vile.
If the kid knew what she had on her mind, he's been corrupted way too young..
I was afraid of that .
gorgeous pic!
That is embarrassing, but at least they know you're not lying about the cause! 
She’s actually crazy
I miss [NAME]
Lol it's not a bad dance, what's cringe worthy is people getting so upset over a video game 
Some graffiti can turn that really bad
Hahaha years of being a nets fan makes me only look for reasons we wont win.
I hope. Sirens got me excited
FYI your boyfriends fucking her too.
The fact that this statement got downvoted shows how worthless some people on here are.
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!
You also have the option of making it quite unique. Would be a delight to see if you got it!
Ah, that sounds frustrating! Thanks for sharing. I think I might steer clear of the teeth thing. 
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe 
It's almost like the whole rationalist thing was started by an overconfident person.
This is as cool as it was burgers and fries and started the Omnibus to collect the first few pages were just so much to unpack there...
Lol ik it's just I wanted people to figure it out and not the bot to ruin it.
< video does a good job explaining push/pull.
Cake! Happy days!
This almost makes me ashamed to be Irish. As we say here, “Scarlet for your ma for having you!”
>!Cosplayer Bystander!<: I always knew he was a little bitch.
I recommend reading it. What an odd duck/rabbit.
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.
Your welcome.
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!
It is pretty disappointing when you can't pet a service dog that's cute but the rule has to be followed.
Hate them. I really don't need to hear about you pissing your pants in the first grade.
"""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""
aw thank you, I want to get rid of some of my extra things and eat food with less packaging
Very well said, thanks and couldn't agree more!
Cadbury is better than both of these, however they’re still solid choices.
Nope, not my department.
The Broadway store was popular too. I get that it's regulated now but it's a shame.
Lol no.
Thanks guys for the explanation, didn't know that!!
Bless you this post made me cry
Oh wow this is big. Thanks for the heads up. Indeed! So many great memories that I still like to reflect back on. Thanks!
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO
Aghh bacon is actually the worst. The smell of it is soo disgusting you can smell the dirtiness
Classic Trap game... I'm nervous. Hope our boys aren't hungover.
"60 young men standing around... ""Look out that old native dude is coming right at us... DEFENSIVE POSITIONS SHIELDS UP!"""
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. 
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!
This was the scene that hooked me on the show.
You’re looking at hard time mate
Lmao compelling argument bud
Yeah I mentioned this route and how we won because the other teams kept wasting chances.
It is a long panel but very insightful - skip the intro pleasantries if you want, but you will have seen enough by the 30 minute mark 
Love when this happens. Thank you, oh wise one.
Thank you. I’ve been doing more research about today, there’s definitely a lot to consider.
He’s a great guy? Calm down lol
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !
And they sneak the bit about reckless driving and speeding in at the end as making one a prohibited person. This is absurd.
lol out loud
Seahawks themselves are insufferable, so I would prefer a Dallas win. If only they both could somehow lose simultaneously...
Thank you for your validation. *Kowtows and give thanks the [NAME] way.*
Not actually cheating if the system is set up that way. Take it up with your Government.
Yeah they are! I didn't realize that, it must be the case. Thanks!
I’m just glad to finally see something truly cringy in a while
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!
Not my proudest fap
But the battle dynamics are sh*t. Every other ME is better in that respect, especially the squad AI is bad. Really bad.
And this is actually one of the nicer flats you can get in Boness too!
I love it! A smile from a stranger has really turned my day around, so I always hope I can possibly do the same! 
I’m not crying... I’m just cutting onions... I-I’m making lasagna..
Wow, this is bizarre. Well, I agree too. A wealth tax is exactly what we need.
Funny enough, not all [NAME] are celebrities.
What a weird thing to say.
That's amazing! Did you have a zoom on the drone, or is the post effect?
And file a report if she doesnt cancel it when i confront her. Thanks for the advice though it’s well appreciated
There's a guy that died after he let a horse do that. He'd probably have survived if he sought medical attention sooner.
Dice LA also has Dice Sweden employees on the team but we are wasting our time pointing it out.
I think I should say that I am a student and have no income.
Yes. Combined.
Cut rent control, then increase own housing allowance. Because fuck everybody else, am I right?
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind
I'm still insisting he is not her dad...
Yep, and because you do, you’re going on the highway to hell
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.
Then it was effectively them pissing on your territory. Same with the bed. They don’t get to pass the threshold again!
Lack of content, which led to shipping wars, which destroyed everybody’s minds, which created this.
What a good pupper!
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad
Nice work. I really want the full scene in this format.
What makes BDS anti-Semitic, as opposed to just anti-Israel? I see the two frequently conflated, which I think is a mistake.
I found an understanding of [NAME] degrees of belief and updated probability extremely clarifying
Thank you!!! /s
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin
No I mean those long winded nonsensical blabbering. Like the one with 300 confirmed kills, gorilla warfare. It is usually just to troll or annoy.
Ahhh makes sense. They were being sarcastic but it went over my head haha. Thank you.
Yes, yes you did
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this
Pins are given out? My store hordes that shit like there’s a coming apocalypse and pins are the only thing that will save them.
I'm ashamed it took me a while to get it
I miss [NAME]
Rumor says he failed the medical. Probably false but this is Arsenal anything can happen.
Yep, lack of proper coaching yet again. Sucks we missed out on [NAME]. 
Self defense should be, and this man sexually assaulted this woman.
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.
And yet you're still not making me regret being a TV hodad when that was on and so missing it.
Whoops! My mistake
These disgusting old hags are literally old school flesh-consuming ghouls. Like [NAME] or [NAME].
I see BOTW and now I'm waiting for a group of grown men to watch shitty old movies.
Don't be coy were talking about the active ingredients here not the plant itself.
Wonderful sculptures. Love the expression of the Scottish mythology behind them.
so proud of you!
Over in r/texas we are coming up with slogans to ecourage people to switch to renewable.
Honestly acid is fun with 4-6 friends and shrooms is fun with 1-3 friends
Same boat, sank pretty hard at the worst time.
If I told you, that would defeat the purpose of censoring. Let's just say it's clearly libellous.
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.
And caressing your hair.. I’m not even a woman and that makes me shudder thinking about that
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!
It doesn't have to only effect one for it to affect women.
Thank you!
Being a woman is not an excuse, you do not represent all women. Thank the lord.
you too good sir
> extreme poverty is re emerging in the west. lol
I couldn't reply to the message I got the other day
Why is everyone smoking out of straws and shit?!
I prefer to use a welding torch. I like the ozone and ultraviolet clean feeling and smells. Never have to wash the sheets either.
I love chicken
You’re right. Thank you for the context and information.
Damn ive been hard on brown but he's been looking like 15-16 [NAME] this game
There's no need for anger, but cringe and embarrassment are called for.
Grøh. Fast great moves and becomes insane during soul charge
If you’re going to be willfully ignorant, we have nothing to discuss. Good luck clinging desperately to these antiquated ideas.
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.
2016 was also the worst year of my life
I'm excited, we're supposed to be getting ours this year. Finally. 
I wholeheartedly agree with you. I suspect that children this age don't quite understand this
I love it
I’m very sorry for the loss of your friend.
You have social anxiety go see a doctor
25000 likes wow! I got max. 30-35 likes.
Depends on what you want to do, but I'd buy This
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill
And other hilarious lies you can tell yourself...
I feel a connection to this woman
That’s my point.
Seems fun, wonder how she would have ended up if the ca er was not there
this makes liberals look like spoiled house cats, it's embarrassing honestly.
I believe you copied and paste from somewhere or previous answer. We are definitely not talking about the same thing. Hope you get better man. Cheers.
holy crap that's messed up.
Good bot.
Thanks for doing the job well. :)
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.
Thank you, next
Holy fuck youre pathetic. I hope you have insurance. Therapy is expensive I hear
You're giving her too much credit.
Cute. I hope it makes you feel empowered.
Oh man, I love [NAME]. She's so consistently good. 
Also that college is overrated because they are or know a welder or plumber that's makes 200k .
[NAME] - OT3 in my team without me... [NAME] - Sometimes bad things just happen...
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.
We sincerely hope not.
Except you didn't and it's still false.
It's the number one reason I refuse to exercise.
Are you replying to something in particular, because what you stated is so obvious I would hope it need not be said on a science thread.
This post is so true Clothes these days are so bland
He was a bony old bastard and probably jealous of their big cat energy.
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO
Are you my coworker? I swear my boss will randomly scream and its embarrassing.
Obviously, there's only a few inches, but I could never really see any improvement. i thought it would be a good supplement option for you.
And he doesn’t even stop. It’s your work truck, man! They’re going to find out regardless. 
Thanks, I reached out
i prefer this
Sorry, but getting shot at causes an almost instinctive natural reflexive reaction to shoot back. I guess I'm just weird like that. 
I couldn’t believe that. I’ve been mad but never enough to throw my PHONE! GIRL, what is you DOIN’?
I don’t even like [NAME] that much but she completely failed to engage with his work critically. Her interpretations of his arguments were shockingly poor.
Dont worry guys, its all sanitary. He hit the wrench with some WD40 before he started.
Amazing that Aunt [NAME] wouldn't genuinely reflect on her her behavior, or realize that she is raising a spoiled, rude child.
I don’t believe the mislintat or the big joke parts
Australia... Nooooooooooo!
I really hope web design follows in fashion’s footsteps and starts emulating 90’s-00’s webpages. Such a nostalgic feeling seeing that site.
[NAME] a fantastic word poet
Uncle [NAME] doesn’t deserve this
It's amazing how people will tell you not to go for something, but then are the same ones who can't go 2 minutes without it.
depending on his age there might still be hope. brain development supposedly stops around age 25 so if he gets ample simulation and nutrients perhaps there can be hope
THIS IS THE JOKE
I ... I like you
thanks for the warning :)
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me
Slathered in blue cheese. [NAME] is so jealous.
Because we didnt have two top 5 players on the team so the bench needed to be great
Same thing happened (to a slightly lesser degree) with [NAME] last year and it made for a lot of heartbreak that some never quite got over.
Thanks for the response.
Or the long con. My Dad guilted me into taking care of my Grandmother for her.
Nice, congrats!
31/M/I don’t know, I’m blind.
Sorry, but this one is funny. Wake up at 3am jabbing with a needle, patient satisfaction survey, what could possibly go wrong??
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...
It’s not so much the heat, it’s the humidity that’ll kill you.
wow octane is pure garbage lmao
Poor [NAME]. I like her. I wish they'd show what's going on with her.
Was feeling victimized that it was very cold in my apartment. Windows are drafty af!!!!
Quit being a panzy and just have a laugh
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing
Super helpful. Thanks!
This is yummy. I hope mods dont remove it
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.
Start taking psyllium husk and literally every poop will be your best.
There are worse things!!!:
Ty going through a lot right now and this made me smile.
That actually looks super, super cool.
Shamelessly stolen from Three Flavours Cornetto Posting
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.
"simply reply ""no."" sometimes youve gotta be rude."
I made a severe and continuous lapse of judgement....
Y so serious
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy
My toes hurt watching this
This really bothers me too. I completely agree. It would have helped us avoid a US situation. Now I think we're barreling toward it
No, their reaction was just as bad.
Mmmm traveling for work often isn't exactly the most desirable situation. It can be exhausting.
Why nothing will change at all ... lol
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.
It is actually out on the steam store right now.
Ask the Magic 8 Ball again later. We can't predict your future.
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.
This is cursed
Cant agree more on the first part but for the last, it comes out too harsh.
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now
See, I missed it completey, so they must have glossed over it fast. 
ALFBRUSHJANSBYSY SUCH A GOOD DOGGO
good job with being proactive with mental health.
well you done did it lol
You are the parent your grandson deserves. Your daughter will regret the pain she has caused.
Fuck the fucking refs. Seriously. Fuck those fucking cunts. I'm so fucking mad. Fucking dickless fucking street walking fucking sluts.
just get the paper that say it is real and see how shit it is.
I think you might be underestimating some people sadly.
Ugh foot rubs. I feel embarrassed thinking about how my nmom used to make me do this to her. Ugh ugh ugh
You can't control what happens around you. You can only control how you react to it.
Plus there's this expectation/trope of flowers sent to workplace being a way for someone who's fucked up to apologize (which is icky as hell but whatever)
You poor, hideous creature. 
It doesn’t help
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys
No problem, hope things get better for you guys soon!
Hahaha good point!
"That comment about ""kill him with kindness"" was kinda unnecessary. How about just kindness for kindness sake? lol"
It's a shame you didn't get to see the event live. At least your followers get to see nice vertical view of what was going on.
Lol I use an apple charger that’s split in half to charge mine so I think ur fine
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(
Not surprised...he has ZERO interest in finding a job and living like a responsible adult...
The other ending in the therapists office was the best in my opinion. Very White Bear-ish
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.
But if you go to fredmeyer, which is also Kroger, It's like 50% cheaper on most things. lol.
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* 
I’m a fan of your awareness for others here. This sub needs more of that lately.
What a great haircut
my 3.5mm jack came with my iphone se and I can literally never lose it as long as I have my phone.
I'm so gay I can't even drive straight - a bumper sticker older than most redditors
The pistons are aggressively mediocre which sucks. [NAME] has been awesome but the rest of the team is horrid
K. If you can't see that staffing and turnover are a contributing factor to quality of care then idk what to tell you. Cheers.
Is there some scripture you could quote me? I'd like to read up on it just to be sure for myself
Well I like [NAME] but other than her, I don't know any interesting asian youtubers. so help me out
Yeahhhh no, you're banned for this whole convo.
As someone with sinus and breathing problems, this makes me anxious and short of breath just looking at it.
Utter nonsense from yourself.
Honest mistake but I deserve and will accept the shame xxxx
Sounds like you have the situation firmly under control. Keep maintaining boundaries, focusing on the things that matter, and ignoring her need for drama. 
I want my Thick Blood feat to actually say “F*CK YOU” every time I deny a Peacekeeper their bleed damage.
I never knew this! Nuts are a total fear food for me
I am already using ublock. Thank you for suggesting ghostery, didn't know it.
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's
Crating your dog is also banned in some places, that doesn't make it cruel.
I wish it wasn't so crumbly. It feels like sand in my mouth.
I use one every time I park and you just replied to me. so this is a bit awkward.
Thanks, came here for this
Congratulations! It's an amazing feeling isn't it! 😍
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.
I upvoted this comment because I'm a dumbass snarkball who doesn't know how anything works.
That son of a bitch!
“Do you guys actually disagree with the idea of taking [NAME] constitutional rights without due process” [NAME] -signed a gun owning lefty liberal
Let's not name anything after him. Even if it's a disorder, the incels will take it as recognition and pride.
*She. This was posted by a woman, apparently. Its just as disgusting either way though.
Good job...
A UBI has to be sustainable. Taxing something to reduce its use and funneling that money into something people would depend on is absolute stupidity.
Thanks kindly!
The one coach I didn't want to lose, but with a new offense coming in, not a move i'm entirely shocked by. 
Your sacrifice will be remembered.
Thanks for the info, appreciate it. 
I would pay good coin to read that love story.
Well said. Glad to see that there are still open minded people left in this sub.
Nobody would flop like that in practice
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.
Anyone else not like optics logo this year. The 2 greens look awful
Don't do that. Only villains do that.
My favorite pod when they are fresh & clear. Sadly, all of my recent packs look like dark brown syrup pods. 
I almost thought this was gonna turn into a story of your tissue you'd been reusing for months. I'm glad it was not lol
Everytime I see something in this sub that looks sharp, I get very worried. 
It's nice for him to take time out of getting angry at people to lecture everyone.
Looks like a pretty good plate overall!!
This is so good! Thank you I love this way of thinking of it. That might be helpful to explain it to them.
You dodged a bullet. She sounds like she's easily manipulated and they're nightmare in laws. Bad combo
Yep. I have a reading goal along with my weight loss goal.
Lol posting It on my story? Ya I was expecting alot of hate from my post XD my friends know me tho lol
Falling for such low quality bait
No, thats just the glare from the sun
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?
Wtf. And then we wonder why people think DnD players are a bunch of fucking creeps. Sucks that you had to bear witness to such sadness.
Sorry, I wish I was wrong, but Mathews is over rated
I liked [NAME]...
It's the same couple of people. The only thing I really dislike about this subreddit is that it swings to the left too hard sometimes.
Thank you for the kind words, that's very sweet.
I know, and the unfortunate thing is many of my friends in this area have had somewhat similar experiences with dudes who just are just total creeps. 
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!
This has nothing to do with weebs, anime, mlp, katana, or 4chan. This is just doesn't belong hear.
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too
It’s literally a meme ideology. Sstaaaaahhhhpppp
This was last year. Didn't go, definitely should have. I'm fine though 
Unfortunately I don't know how to read hangul. I'm still in the very early stages of planning so still lots of things to look at!
Man, she took it pretty well. I’d be screaming my damn head off. 
Injury history alone makes him super unattractive.
"C1,2 7.30 pm [NAME] to [NAME], ""I how how you can throw down"" HAHAHA!!! "
I like you. You're smart, cheeky, and funny. Well played.
It’s still undeniably them though. Drawn in the foreground in somewhat true color to make sure it’s a clear homage.
That unconvincing bottom right though hahaha
What a sad post. I cannot believe people actually follow their advice.
It is part of the political game unfortunately.
The few people that survive jumping from bridges say, almost invariably, that they regretted jumping the second they entered free fall.
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.
Because different characters have different advantages. Why do questions like this still get asked?
Fuck it; just marry everyone
[NAME] feel bad for ye no one can take a joke
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry
His wrists are too small ☹️
Pls shut up
The lucky ones died quick
Her comments are disgusting. Reminds me of my mother. I'm so sorry.
It's extremely common. Hell you probably have it yourself and just don't know.
LOL. When she came back on after the first commercial break, there was loud beeping when she was talking. 
Oh my goodness I was there yesterday! Luckily I didn't get bitten.
Nope. But if this also occurs in Dallas, that’s quite disheartening. :(
That’s one of my favorite movies pans labyrinth.
It was a good sub before the porn took over
For some reason this post is making me crave an apartment.
Hell yes 😁 I loved it.
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles
#1 rule you don’t say it you can think it but never say it
I appreciate the pointer. It definitely sounds like something I’m capable of. I’ll reach out to them.
Aw crap you're right. Sorry I suck at names and shit
"""oh that wasn't me, my baby brother must have grabbed my phone"" "
Pretty sure [NAME] graduated, and I would assume the [NAME] thing has to be related to the injury...
I'm jealous. Wish I was in fl on my porch.
This live action version is good but whats the original anime?
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.
This sounds like a great idea! Stop STUPIDITY Act
I love Subnautica. It's so, so terrifying but also beautiful and cool and I can wimp out and put it down any time. 
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn
[NAME] has been really good this game and I thought he was good against the coyotes as well.
The fact that her pillows are brown is way more disturbing to me
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.
You know, I’m something of a friend myself
They will most likely be branded as PKK symphatizers by Turkish media. Which sucks because next time something like this happens some of them might get shot
Nice try cat daddy ;)
Yeah [NAME] is a pretty weird guy.
no worries, just clean your room
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team
Wow, that would have been messy.
People who mindlessly defend Turkey and Ergodan are very delusional!
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad 
i got a bump and a bald spot. i feel dumb <3
Wow that was ...mind blowing.
That’s not how totaling works.
im trying to but my depression gets the better of me i have my good days and bad days
You're still going after this man, you posted from your alt account, give it up and take the L. It's not emasculating at all.
We are. EU regulations, laws created by the European Parliament. Don't say something that is blatantly untrue
I’m downvoting because it seems like r/iamverysmart material.
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now
Oof lmao sorry buddy
Ah so gang rapes aren't a thing anymore, eh? Glad to hear that. 
> i dont want people to have bad lifes. Exactly, but apparently many people not only admit this but gloat about it.
Thanks for this!
I think it was roughing and unsportsmanlike conduct for the chirp or something stupid like that. I couldn't believe [NAME] got away with that
I wouldn’t worry, most United fans have never even been to Manchester. 
30 you illiterate fuck
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss
Wait, so you uploaded a post in which you did something nice. That's a bit narcissistic. 
Sub... chill... I see what you did there...
Good [NAME] we look horrible
Oof... I mean I definitely welcome a dramatic population decrease but I wish we could've done it in a more intentional manner *before* irreparably damaging the environment
While true, that's not what they're talking about here
Nah. It's their job. Just tip well
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.
No, a plot hole means that your story lacks logical consistency 
I wish the theme was still larger than life but their outfit prompt was fetish/bdsm wear and that they all posed next to giant sex toys
Thank you ☺️
A true internet classic.
"They get pissy about ""automatic defenses"" for property. I mean, *REALLY* pissy."
I'd say we should dump him somewhere at sea but the oceans are already pretty polluted... :(
> lots of ppl dont enjoy pvp I feel like these people are playing the wrong game genres lol.
This shirt IS a problem. Get rid of it.
Because the PS4 doesnt have any incredible exclusives? Edit: I was being sarcastic, please stop trying to teach me which games are good PS4 exclusives :(
Can’t believe people still fall victims to those machines.
CAN IT JUST BE OPENING DAY? I’m so sick of speculation. Let’s quit the foreplay and just fuck already.
Does he report it to the police? I didn't see that part. I believe him. Stranger things have happened.
Chronicles of Elyria seems interesting
happy to help
Achilios too good
Lol I have my moments!
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?
Great, so we know the spanish pronounciation is therefore racist and now I'm offended by it.
A cheater is always a cheater in my book.
This is actually kinda cool, I like it!! 
No worries! Sometimes wires get crossed, I missed the mark as well.
I want this cat
But not to the folks screwing him at the gas department.
You know what I love abou you [NAME]? Octopussy. Man, I must have seen that movie... twice.
I thought sex would be a great stress reliever.
I get your point. But really, the low prices is just a trap to get more men in lookout for action. It's sad.
Provided you didn’t break any of their rules, you should email OKC support.
You fucked up. You trusted them.
I think the [NAME] biscuit joke takes the cake
Oh thanks, ~~[NAME]~~ Mitt. We all know you won’t provide meaningful opposition to [NAME].
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying
I was thinking 1-2 in each eye might stop the threat, but if I'm being honest I'd be worried about the ensuing legal struggle...
Sounds like they’re not responsible and shouldn’t have the right to have these.
fuck off. let people enjoy what they want to enjoy when it doesn't impact you.
I would like to see the tree as well! :D:::
Damn it.
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?
you're a true hero
tbh college has been a hair easier for me than high school. The worst of it is making tuition and trying to register for classes
I’m glad I’m not the only one.
Aww that's so sweet !
Is it a radical opinion to say no two consenting adults should not be able to kill each other lol
Bitch subscribed to 1st look at [NAME] shitposts.
And my apologies if I misinterpreted but you seemed to state multiple times that it keeps you from seeking other women, such as the [NAME] example.
Funny you ask
Agree. Keep trying, then if your rejected every time. I'm sorry your done.
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments
Obviously. Every post here is intended to be a joke. Just not funny ones, like this post.
Well obviously not. Some people have higher tolerances than others. That’s a fact. I don’t know what else to tell you.
They should be liable for this abuse. It’s just insane!
You realize I hate trump right? You’re super annoying I’m not dealing with this
I'm glad that yours is getting slightly better too! Keep on working on it and you'll be a social butterfly someday!
I just came off of watching all of his movies. Dear [NAME]. I love and hate them at the same time.
Good stuff [NAME]
I just want someone who listens to scientists. That's too much to ask though.
[NAME] is also very creative with the puck, I'm mostly liking the new guys so far.
Congrats! You have succeeded in your pathetic life.
I would have to agree. He acts for himself and wants revenge but also cares for and respects life so, chaotic neutral.
Dig up, stupid! 
You’ve really added to the conversation, thank you. Stop reposting news articles for karma it makes you look fucking pathetic.
You've been checking in on all us 3.8 billion females? That's impressive.
Appreciate the reply, I'll look into these. Thank you!
Interesting. See, that seems much more adult. And actually makes sense. The things we do in the US man...
How the fuck do you moan tho
Rip time wasted editing, its a shame that not many other people saw this
Excellent summary.
Fantastic! Thank you for the info sir!
looks like your fake autism you used to use for attention still has its side effects :/
Nice try GRU.
Go for it, it will be a new experience it may not go good but you'll learn someway 
TLDR; we get many drizzle days and our summers are amazing.
I do this everyday... lol
Good job Mr [NAME]. That is all
correct. i am the one who decides if something is funny to me or not.
Watch it!! It's amazing
If they could just let us customize the lines it’d be fine
I laughed.
I do not see how that is disgusting. She's cleaning her self and had a discharge, so what? 
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.
I hope your gaydar has leveled up enough to filter these out now
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.
That isn't the ideal female body nor is it /fit/ That's a fetish
Here we go. What’s wrong with them.
I'd be terrible at this, I eat so slow.
This team + 2 lottery picks and another offseason for our young players will definitely be a playoff team next year.
Thanks man! This was great. :-)
You guys are a problem.
I'll Google it, thanks again!
My brother fell asleep on the beach once and his whole back turned purple from sunburn and yours is still worse than his! My [NAME]!!
She is my favorite model from American Eagle store. Such beauty and so positive.
Damn! Kids these days don’t give me much hope for the future. It’s supposed to be a flaming dr pepper 🤦🏻‍♀️
No, but even if you did, you'll find nothing special.
You arent going to be making 10 million dollars in your business, this wont affect you.
"This has happened to me with the girls I tried to connect with irl as well as FA ""lonely"" girls from this very sub"
I did that in origins but now that theres mercenaries and its sooo annoying to deal with them so i stay as quiet as i can until im caught.
Underrated comment.
LOL! You're fucked.
Watch it in German but use English subtitles trust me
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]
nice, was a big fan of REQ but haven't kept up with their progress much the last year
Sounds dreadful.
I would absolutely claim it and yell that my Auntie was looking for it.
Underrated joke... haha
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.
Hopefully created a monster. Also, I killed the morning at work.
Yes!!!!! THIS!!
True dat, I lost hope a LONG time ago
Tried to fight multiple times, cried, fallen over, and refused to eat... Sounds like my toddlers...
[NAME] thank you. Someone with a rational mind.
😅 thanks bew bew
I can actually read it easily now. Good work
Ohhhh, that makes sense. Cheers mate 
I couldn’t imagine putting a brand new car on these roads, let alone a Tesla.
d'oh, my bad 😔
Honestly i'm fine with any picture as long as it contains at least one dog
"Justifying a potential rape because ""it's [NAME] and she should feel thankful,"" Wow. "
how the absolute fuck did black panther get nominated for best picture? its marvel action schlock at its worst. blackkklansman on the other hand is a great movie
I like the new colors significantly better. Old ones might have been some of the worst in OWL.
"""Electricity scam""? ...and I'm pretty sure [NAME] is not an idiot."
thats one proud daddy!
[NAME]!
That’s a great idea! Thank you :)
"1.) Its not real socialism 2.) All government is socialism pick one ""socialists"" fire departments arent socialist "
I'm at 133 wins. I'll probably try to get 17 more since I'm so close and they eextendedthe season, but it seems kinda meh
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.
The contempt from [NAME] in these threads lately is seriously disappointing.
And [NAME] should go sell his wife's ketchup. He's good for nothing else besides selling out our country.
I'm starting to think im being rased by narcissists lmao
Your idea of what a nice entre or nice wine cost at a restaurant are... Interesting....
You're an awful human being.
Ignorance is the worst thing that can happen to someone
HE SHOOTS AND SCORES!!!!
I just cant imagine someone insulting a guy by comparing him to one of the most successfull child actors. (I know who [NAME] is)
That kid is beautiful
I wouldn't get your hopes up until you've been dating a while.
I feel this in my soul.
In that case you're very welcome to call your representative and tell them to agree to a bill which would reopen the government. Or tweet the president.
You are right and why you get downvoted?
That's not the plan. If it were, the backstop wouldn't be controversial. The plan is divergence.
This was wild, laughed the entire post
>an absolute cuck Only a cuck would use that unironically so yeah probably
I completely agree they got fucked on that no call. And I absolutely love it.
Fascinating, can you please provide some more detail on the pre-KOOP origins of the phrase friend : )?
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home
yes and I'm glad that this nonsense stops with me
Nice, thanks man
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **7th Cakeday** Korrk! ^(hug)
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. 
sending my thoughts and prayers LOL to your family!!! 😂 😂 😂
Absolutely same.
No, this was changed years ago. Schools don't lose funding.
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!
medical care in the US sucks.
I like in Iowa. The weather part is true
I’ll bet the Phillies owner had a beer with [NAME] high school baseball coach.
It's even worse when one considers that they are intent on moving to Europe and that by moving to a developed region their carbon footprint will increase significantly.
You will be fine.
Also do something special no matter how corny it might be to reward yourself. You deserve it friend!
Yup, I must be overreacting too and it's not a big deal. It's amazing the justifications used for this nonsense.
Yeah...it's difficult to have sympathy for someone like yourself
If reincarnation is real, I hope next time I have a name that's half as awesome as [NAME].
"Seriously. ""Haha british people pronounce something funny"" ""Yeah well your children are murdered in violent attacks and your healthcare system puts millions in crippling debt"" "
Yup this game just gets worse and worse
Omg I can't stop giggling lol!
you would love the episode of the boondocks called the return of the king.
Putting any human on the same level as [NAME] is sacrilegious and you should be ashamed for spreading such blasphemy.
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them
Rough comment to read but glad I did. Thanks for the write up.
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!
Uhhhhhhhhh well that's not good
No, sex is a reward, and he doesn't deserve it.
i was not prepared for this
See but it’s so common an attitude that it didn’t come off that way
THIS. Thank you for this.
Nobody likes you
Making DC climate an unapologetic brutality with blistering dry winds and no snow on a typical day.
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.
I look cuter in red P’s.
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]
Nah, I lied. I don't judge people's kinks and I like that [NAME] always moves me.
Way to cherry pick. Remember that time that [NAME] person got lit up for like, 9 goals against or something? Man, that guy sure sucked.
I would not recommend water panties, you might find things a bit squishy! ;)
I once was the 2001st like on a youtube comment. It felt really good to be able to constantly flip that like count between 2K and 2.1K.
account got suspended lmao
Never understood the hype with the Beatles. All of their songs to me sound like unfinished demo tracks
You are disgusting.
I really hope I don’t ever experience a mid life crisis at all. But if I do, I at least want to act my age.
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️
This makes me feel better about some of my poor decisions.
I couldn't let [NAME] become carver.. I regret it. [NAME] didn't deserve this, although he was fucking stupid to let his guard down
"Wallah Lmao It's ""voila"""
What’s worse is that the judge and businessman are old college buds.
Hoping Heavy Machinery get the win. Would like to see them as champs.
[NAME] just might be the hardest working man in hockey.
Apologies, I should have been more specific. Where abouts is JD? 
“The game is trash but I want it.” Great logic.
its ok i understood
>You can't do anything about it now, and nobody cares. Hundreds of thousands would disagree with you.
I would agree, but at the same time if it pisses off [NAME] supporters enough to keep them home in 2020, I'm all for it.
No I don't, but I'm assuming they are true for arguments sake Why is more stress relevant or bad? 
Good to know 😊
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.
I know and I really genuinely wish there was something I could do or say to help you take this pain away and to help you feel better.
Nah it's not that, [NAME] is just boring and sad
You're not missing anything, don't worry about it.
"I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization ""gluttonophobia""."
Brush your teeth and neither of these smells will be reduced by chewing a napkin. But it's funny to convince a friend at a bar that it'll work
That was the only place I saw and their pictures looked horrible. Might just have to go to the source and vacation in southern Asia
They want to make gun ownership so expensive and onerous that people won't even bother.
Beat my second wife cuz obviously she put the evil eye on my first wife
"He loved [NAME] ""old man in a park"" painting!"
True but the majority of plastic used is for the shelved grocery items. Pasta, rice, coffee are in every household and are all packaged in plastic 
Darn. I'm sorry, I didn't know that. I honestly am out of ideas and I don't know what to do.
Good luck with your short
That’s so precious and sweet 😭
Yes, yes he did
Mmmm looks like some delicious asbestos tile being rubbed there.
I love polo shirts
hugs back! thank you for writing and being here with me.
And then the rest of that thread devolves into [NAME] supporters arguing against and downvoting anyone who disagrees with the wall or hates [NAME].
When are you and dad going to pop out a few baby-mammas for us boys, huh? And that's the *less* disgusting alternative. Blech!
There’s a special place in hell for u
Lol, oh man. Well, if we can laugh at our kids, what can we laugh at? Never a dull moment.
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.
Surely the error is lexical. And I think the original comment is poor (non native) idiom use
Geez. The guy had a bad day over a year ago. Let it go.
I was just gonna post this haha. My fave my part
I always loved the voice he did here.
That’s awesome.
I agree but if we fell behind we lost the game without any chance. But let us be grateful that we have a Toplaner that is really godlike xd
Hi [NAME]. Nice to meet you, I'm promet. 
Oh man! Oh boy!
[NAME] is ruining the Pittsburgh Steelers culture...don't fucking @ me. Sinking fucking ship
Lmao. Idk why this made me laugh out loud so hard. Ig cause it’s actually true lol.
I'm a guy and I'm squirming. My wife asked me what the hell I was reading and I told her. She said wtf really loud.
Maybe it's similar to how [NAME] hates cantaloupe.
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!
God [NAME] is awful
I'm sorry but are you implying that everything to the right of full-blown communism is the center?
Bro. You think roads and infrastructure wouldnt be built if it wasn’t for the government? My sentiment still stands. I pity you.
Just doesn't really work if the DM doesn't want it to...
Your comment reminds me of that one satirical GTA V radio ad where the advertiser tries to encourage people to beat their kids. It's kinda funny.
hahahahahahahahaha that post history oh [NAME] mods please dont delete this its too good
I do love the Baroque style as well! All the Church’s I ever saw in Mexico especially the cathedrals in are simply amazing.
Omg. It's Viv from [NAME] !
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry
I guess they still have hopes to keep AD...
You don't follow [NAME]. You're a hypocrite following man's interpretation of the word of [NAME]. Youre too stupid to even be embarrassed.
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.
I am glad I wasn’t the only one. I thought wow they’re really gonna get it for this one
"ick! That makes me feel gross. I have ""Addison's Disease"". "
These posts must make people want to be security guards.
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry. 
Lol you wish it was that easy. Lying POS customers have the advantage with review websites sadly.
"I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. ""To the ____ who ____"""
If the doctor has given the ok, give some ibuprofen for teething pain FFS!
Good idea. With the power of those two consoles combined we might be able to get the fps up into double digits
EVERY POST YOU MAKE IS AMAZING THANKS MY MAN
Ah the good old Russian Right Hook.
Ha ha ha. That was a good one
Thank you :D
Fear mongering.
Oh my bad, i didn't know, thanks for telling me!
My dosage was increased 2 weeks ago and I've noticed the issues getting worse. With your comment, I'm really leaning towards them being side effects.
This is simply honesty + humility. Indeed, very respectable.
I had dream where someone said this to me having no idea it was him
I hope google does this so that everyone would leave them already.
Happy for u!!
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s
Haha. This is awesome. And I can't unsee it.
This was driving me NUTS!
If u see the show you would realize that swearengen it's motivating the journalist, everyone will run in to painful situations some give up, some fight back
This comment killed me. RIP in pieces.
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase
A part of my soul died from reading that. Thank you for making me dumber from this experience.
I am just like this! Glad to know I’m not imagining it.
It sucks it didn’t work out good luck in cincy and thanks for that Alcs game
Absolutely amazing how people think this is anonymous.
[NAME] stated that Ethtrader polls will be used for important community decisions. So I can see people trying to buy influence through Donuts in these decisions.
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy
Love the headline though
Those other countries clearly exploited to shit? Dats cuz it's not mah [NAME]. -You with your big brain logic.
Completely miss-wired! I never thought a kid can grow up miss-wired.
Thats pretty lewd.
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard
The worst thing about this is, there is a good joke hiding deep down somewhere. Someone just used a jackhammer to retrieve it
And with the federal laws about how little time they can drive before forced breaks, they work less than any shithead salaried manager and great pay
I'd still try to pet it
Oh my, it belongs to r/comedyheaven. Laughed for a good minute
I was expecting her to come in to work looking like [NAME] from the [NAME] show...
I have considered that, and if is possible, I will see where it leads me, thanks.
Well, he was until season 3, which was ironically when [NAME] made them take that test.
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.
That's so disappointing. I'm sorry that happened to you. It really is hard to make friends as an adult.
Happy new year /r/newyorkmets. Everyone in this community makes this place feel seriously special. Let's go win a world series in 2019.
Go on the website it’s super easy to get hired loading trucks that’s for sure
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the
Sooooo much upper body strength. My GOD the muscles. He's positively rrrrrrrripped!!
[NAME] and I play with people with 400 plus spm and still play noobs please stop the excuses if you’re getting wrecked you just suck
If you eat plants, you are eating animal’s food. That is so cruel!
Congratulations! I'm sure your shoulders are much lighter now. You look absolutely gorgeous, keep killing it :D
that is awesome! i've been looking into going to therapy myself. glad you were able to have a great experience.
There’s a big difference between “I felt bad for her but there was nothing I could do” and “not my problem.”
Ok, I get a feeling that you might be a bit too radical here. I'm not going to keep trying here, have a nice day.
Horns✔️ Tail✔️ Legs of furry animal✔️ Buff avatar✔️ Crazy brilliant collors✔️ Super active on twitter and son of the sin✔️ Yeah sure
Danm you can hear that little bastard squeaking.
I think this title is biased. It groups all media improperly.
😥 I feel so sorry. He'd be proud of you. *Hugs*
I find your lack of [NAME] disturbing.
I don’t think you even know what you are talking about yourself
I honestly have no idea what [NAME] offers Genuinely don't rate him
You need to see a feeding specialist. Outright refusal to eat to the point of starvation is almost always a serious issue.
Congrats! That could not have been an easy step to take, so I'm so happy it's been a positive experience.
Be careful, or he'll have to use 10% of his power on you!
Lol I know, gross right? I'm hate watching the tell all again right now haha
Why is [NAME] still getting minutes? He is probably the worst player on this roster.
Thank you so very much for this. Our culture seems to frown upon the mindset of leaving them out to dry.
Does he even own a pair of airpods? Broke boi.
I see some text on dark background is mesmerising.
I just walked past y'all! Wish I had seen this thread earlier.
You know nothing about this guy... this is a not cool thing to say.
Edited : Sorry meant to reply to a post
Skiing is great but I haven’t been skiing yet this season rip
we are scared on /r/bengals rn
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.
Oh that’s terrifying
Yeah....each state gets two senators regardless of population. None are favored. Population is represented in the House.
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed. 
that's why im here in the overwatch university subreddit you fucking idiot.
I'm really proud of you for standing up yourself like that!
Be careful of ticks tho
I am so sorry that happened to you.
AW YEAH HUGE WIN FOR FEMINISM AND WOMEN AMIRIGHT GUYS /s
That’s awesome man!
Get out of my head.
Thank you. I hope things get better for you, and I believe in you, too.
Love to see pics like this.
This was beautifully written.
Ah good, now I don't have to do it.
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.
Holy fucking shit
So happy for you two !! ❤️
And KAT with 6. Weird game.
Damn, sorry to hear that. Hopefully the right gig will come along!
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.
Oh ok! Thanks for the info.And oh [NAME] I can’t imagine what that would feel like
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close
Please no, I have a family!!!
You have to find the right woman honestly and its sad that divorce is so punishing
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly). 
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )
i’m fking crying lmaoooo
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...
Nah, they're a fraction as immature and petulant as the politician we can't ignore that actually affects our lives.
Omg creepy!
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.
These people have absolutely no confidence in their ability to make a living. It’s pathetic.
Steakspeare in Love
Oy vey, [NAME] 🗑 is gonna be *pissed*!!!
Turns out you can polish a turd. The trouble is, it's still just shit.
My entire body aches now
Our best hope is that [NAME] intends to outlast [NAME] and serve under President [NAME].
Hmmmmm that is interesting. I wonder why you were told different. I think I'm going to email support and ask.
given his form over the last year or so, turning into nueur would have gotten us that goal haha
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.
Best decision of your life.
Oh, you play on Skelth too. Actually, my laptop almost died during that one))) But somehow I managed through that haha
This girl looks STRONG!! I want her to be my goddess and I will please her on command!
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.
Oh I see. Thanks for letting me know. I fixed it now. The real link is HERE
sorry you have to deal with things like that. i hope things are better where you are now
The sin was refusing to impregnate his brother's widow when [NAME] directly told him to. It's not just about wasting semen.
Thanks man, words give me strength
Article is good. Not sure how it relates to “carve outs” for law enforcement.
It’s a shame we have to face the islanders so soon
> I know I should feel happy why
When I'm the fifth Hokage I'm gonna make sure no one has to go through that sort of abuse! Believe it!!
He is way overrated.
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!
Thank you for not just writing some bullshit and actually being creative. Followed this sub for scary ideas but usually get cliche garbage. So Again, thanks
imagine if this was a league youtuber. HOW TO GET FROM IRON 4 TO PLAT 1 INSTANTLY, ABUSE THIS BEFORE IT GETS FIXED!!!
>Cannot predict now Guess it's on you now /u/smackspr!
"Let me remind you that I'm 5'6"" and I still think all that thinking is ridiculous."
they just want someone to agree with them and tell them they're right. that's all these sorts of posts ever are.
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying
I wish ours was like that.
[NAME] consistently being the guy with most energy. We need him on the floor more.
Same here. And I really dislike strangers and groups, so groups of strangers are a next-level nightmare. 
I am not expecting this to be an easy task... 😬
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.
I had a breakdown last night at around 3AM.
Why was this post removed? It wasn't even bad.
Yeah I would have loved it if those things actually contributed something to the gameplay
I wish I could draw... :L
I know this is a joke but people on this sub actually think this way lol.
Everything purdue throws up goes in. Frustrating. Need to find a way to get stops or this ones over at halftime
so doing something illegal only dehumanises you when caught?
But transit is amazing here.
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.
I understand it but I hate it and I personally believe it promotes toxicity
Ya missed a clue there, Guess it never hit ya!
He actually looks pretty crackin'
I'm glad she made it as easy on you as possible.
I'm fairly new to this group and just realized my nightmares started the day I joined. However, I still somehow love it!
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out
[NAME]. Your mom will never be your boys best friend. That part is so cute!
She was carrying all my burdens >:((
This is so amazing 😍
I would like to thank this game for being over on time. :)
That was nasty... but also the most real thing I’ve seen on the show lately.. lol
Given [NAME] viability prior to the 2016 election, I think the viability bar is set pretty damn low.
Ohhh you're an incel. Your opinion doesn't matter. Back in your hole smeegle
Ahahahahahaha!!
Which is stupid because conversations about race and slavery in America are primarily about race in slavery in America.
TYT is a gossip shitpost panel for race baiting idiots. By race baiting idiots.
Looks like a cool location.
nope. not hers.
It was on a washed out road in the at 2am. Which makes it even worse. They never should have been towing that vic.
> the fact that it is illegal Watch out, we've got a time traveler over here!
Can you imagine not being able to pick your nose THE WHOLE GAME ! Those poor bastards.
Sex dolls/robots are gonna replace them any away. Funny that. 10 years ago nobody would have thought that sex workers would be replaced by robots.
[NAME] also slept with his dads mistress, [NAME] is weird
What a unit
At no point in the game has that been true
Happy birthday! Drinking one for you tonight. When you get up tomorrow you can take the first step to making sure next years birthday will be better!
Hopefully it helps you keep your emotions in check rather than letting others control you, [NAME].
You are amazing
It’s time to stop lad, it’s getting a little embarrassing now...
Thank you ladies !
"Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a ""cross post"". Sorry!"
Congrats y'all!!!
Or just shoot them. Shooting annoying people is why guns exist.
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.
And here I am, with no promotion after 3 years. Anyways, congrats for yours.
He’s not that into you. Move on.
Correct. The LTB judgements are enforced by going through small claims. Which makes for another hurdle for tenants trying to collect judgements.
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!
Uh, yeah. That was a dumb question and if you thought it was going somewhere you re dead wrong.
Erin's is so precious
Well dayum that was cool.
Fair enough. I'm probably thinking of someone who still has some semblance of shame.
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!
How did they respond? You can't leave out the best part.
Take my up vote...you owe me a punchline you bastard.
Nothing about that looks comfortable
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!
You okay, buddy? 
He's eating cheese and watching football in the sky now. Rest in peace!
Ameen InshAllah. Thank you ☺️ I’ll try
Thank you for understanding. We don't want to be mean, but the rules must be enforced at all levels for all participants. Good luck with your endeavors!
I thought it was mildly interesting and don't regret watching it.
Oh I didn’t realise, sorry for my ignorance 
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no
He takes so much abuse...and i appreciate it's him and not butcher or severson tight now.
I was messy..............then I became a minimalist.
Pls end me
Hahaha where was this when I started out.
"""AaaaaAAAaaaAAAhhh!"" I can imagine."
God damn!! Awesome for [NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] is such a great combo.
It's not even artisanal? You're a monster.
This is the day we've been waiting for! WWOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.
FBI OPEN UP!!!!
That dude is Russian intelligence
This isnt a excuse. It affected their start last yr also.
Yes you can, you need to worry about em for a little while ago obviously doesn't handle as well as like 500lb heavier.
Dude want's to help his mother... cool I do the same, my mom lives in my basement. But he is doing it with my money!
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive
OH DARN IT, THANKS FOR THE REMINDER MFER!!!
"r/mildlyinteresting's stupid ""guys look at this thing I made aren't I cool??"" posts are the absolute worst"
This is the dumbest post I've read today. How's that?
You started over at 46? Wow. You are badass. You give me hope that if I finally had to, I could do it.
"*""Success is the best revenge.""* Good job OP. Stay strong. You're almost there."
Rebalancing all heroes for this purpose seems like a disaster. Would have been good to think about pre-development.
Yeah I don’t see any yellow. That’s a solid bright green to me.
What an ugly shade [NAME] used to dye his hair. Well, I guess it matches the infamous shirt.
Nice work [NAME]!
Yeah, live it up so you get a free trip to the zoo.
This team isn’t winning the 2019 cup. I’m focused on 2022 and beyond
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(
[NAME] helped by hosting with her 12k? viewers from the drop event. But yeah, overall the viewership has increased in general. Which is great news.
Damm. The more you know .
I was really expecting more Adidas when I read the headline
I hope she lives to be 200, just to piss them off.
That game hurt.
That's the death mark, Looks like you've been chosen for sacrifice. Sorry bud
Thanks for sharing, we have a new thread for today
Wow, talk about being [NAME].
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of
You guys don't know what you're doing to me
I adore this comment section <3
That's incredible. There was 3000 last I checked just over 2 years ago.
Oh sorry. To clarify, I was wondering if I should mention that I am more than willing to help her if need be.
tobaccy is nasty
He's not wrong.
I like [NAME] and would like to see him back, but he still makes me nervous at a high price too. 
Omg i hope this is about [NAME]. I would LOVE to see [NAME] and [NAME] go head to head
It actually depends. Do you have PCOS? Because if you do, then that would explain the change as well. 
Don’t really hear him except for the offseason and his accent isnt really overpowering and annoying.
I don't think this is bad enough for the police chief to be embarrassed. (He should be, but he won't be)
I've been playing this game since release and didn't even know that!
You are one pathetic human being.
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared
What was the original post? If it was as awful as this one my comment would still apply!
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy
It's so sad
Trolls are okay in this sub but let's be more serious here
Jurassic world fallen kingdom was awful after they left the island
You really need to stop hanging out with those people.
Gotta play the identity politics game. She’s black and a lady.
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”
SHIT. I just gave my son some Skittles. Lemme edit that right quick LOL
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense. I know i need to trust them and not try and read behind what they're saying... 
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂
Lmao doesn’t even try to refute.
 funny, your asking for proof of something the moderators actively remove and then say ShOw Me pRoOf Or ItS fAkE.
Reading this reminds me of the witch hunt scene in Holy Grail. Thanks Daily Beast!
Why are you comparing third world countries to a first world one? This speaks volume about the lack of a proper argument.
Good for them. I still don't believe a single word of it.
[NAME] bless you. Yeah I said [NAME] because we live in America,the land of [NAME]
The first time I'm seeing it so thank you for sharing. Definitely shows the propaganda efforts.
That sounds like a lovely time :D
Yep. The problem is definitely regulation and not wealth hoarding supported by corporate money controlling politics. Temporarily embarrassed millionaires unite!
[NAME] was one of the only good things in that season
Cafe hopping today! At the third one now. Might be too much coffee for me in one span though.
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.
It's more like depression is the default state. We live in a depressing society.
Yeah, life in America is horrifying. Give me a break. 
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.
The kind look on his face certainly helps
thanks, religious conservatism, for making lack of education chic.
He's being serious but the man himself is a joke.
Correct, there is no such law that obligates a woman to make her body available to gestate a fetus for someone else's convenience or amusement.
How to delete spam: Learn how to punish sigs you fucking idiot
">""tanned"" Thank you BBC, very cool!"
I had that thought as well.
I would love that, I kind of miss him
I can see it, the wig/bodysuit is very kalorie but the makeup is still 100% India
Thank you for taking the time and effort to try and understand, you sound like a good friend
Even Rolling Storm seems better, and it is not very good.
I disagree with all of what you just said but I am in the same booooaaaaat.
Yep, it's all extremely frustrating.
Thanks for this 😂
Cheers man, will be taking it easy for sure. 
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible. 
Me too. I didn't want to promote anybody here but there are way cheaper alternatives with shipping benefits... If you know what I mean.
Lmao Stole my joke! 😂
you could do that but i woulndt want that as soldier, widow or mccree. but of course reaper should not try to break the shield
Instant karma for an impatient jackass who doesn't deserve the right to drive.
It's likely that they don't have much, yet still make poor financial decisions.
This is why I could never work in construction
That’s a sweet hoodie
Why don’t people just call the cops and give them the video?
Being the most hated team of the refs is fun huh guys?
Because people hate freedom
I cried more here than in Star Wars.
[NAME]: I have a plan. Me: You’ve always got a damn plan ̶D̶u̶t̶c̶h̶ [NAME].
I like your enthusiasm and yes it would be hilarious.
And..the reality of it hurts
The super bowl isnt played in march my man
Thank you for the vote of confidence, but this experience has really effected me
[NAME] is a terrible defender, and as much as I like [NAME], I think it would be more beneficial to move his contract and sign another piece
I passed the aftermath of this wreck on the other side of I-20. What a tragedy.
rule 0: dont submit a post if you can't be not stupid
That's disgusting. Apt.
It definitely doesn't work if you give up.
Great post, thanks for coming here and sharing.
Until they find out oh she went underground 🙄
I second that
if they’re available for questioning then you’re a shitty kidnapper. -3/5 stars
Thank you. I needed to be told that. I knew it but needed affirmation I guess.
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.
The 12 days of Christmas is a bizarre song. Don't use it as a gift giving guide, you crazy idiots.
4! The sweetest year.
That's the theme of this excellent play:
It was the most a receiver ever put on the Legion of Boom Seahawks though, so that's cool.
[NAME] i feel personally attacked
Dream market is also down for me in the USA
Woooooo theres the boeser we know and love
Ohh salt would have been good, but I was too pissed off to not do something more aggressive lmao
I can't imagine how scary that was for you. What is wrong with people?
That was fun.
Fun movie, good choices of songs, and excellent visuals
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating
I don't see how my reply was whataboutism when my point of contention is directly related to the point.
[NAME]. Instantly went to moving the goalpost. Looks like my bet was a winner.
A related book for the more nerdy types is [NAME] Burnout Society. Thanks for the share, it was well worth the long read.
Ooof, I’m so sorry, that is rough.
I cant’t stand mint flavored toothpaste. That’s how much I hate mint.
Whoa you are on a big brain level!!
M'lady... Good god, the last man alive is a '[NAME]'!
thanks for the quick reply I am very bored. what anime do you like?
Yeah Q was bad card I was just bloating the pot. I definitely feel this is one of the worst hands I’ve played.
[NAME] enslaved the [NAME] and MLMs enslave...well...everybody.
Oke thats really disappointing of him. Although his thoughts are constanly changing. He used to even be an ancap at some point.
It still amazes how many people on this show and family by the ton can do perfect splits lol
Goodness, If you carry on saying mean things like that you might just hurt my feeling.
and they are indeed made of gold. this seems like reasonable jewelry prices. or at least not out of left field for designer pieces.
I'm really appreciate someone saying this.
So THIS is the Bad Place!
Lakers running an awful lineup and [NAME] was too dumb to change it after the timeout. Thibs levels of Stubbornness
BALL DONT LIE
[NAME] fuckin sucks
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.
Me too, except there’s no hookup. (I’m so lonely) 
Oi he got stabbed in the eye
Nah, you should have just listened when I tried to warn you about fake 
(apparenlty) a lawyer sending incriminating text message to a paralegal. this has to be really bad lawyer...
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.
You can do it girl! I believe in you! :)
Looks very realistic to me. Ever been to Copenhagen? They did it despite a population density higher than San Francisco's.
That's until a golden retriever runs for office. Humans can't be trusted
Thanks, not sure how I missed that. Fixed it!
I was one of the best. I used to get at least 50 matches. Hair loss made me invisible all of the sudden
"I work at a salon and we have a ""no kids unless it's their appointment"" rule. It's amazing."
picture isnt that clear but I am 80% sure they're fake. break one and see how it crumbles.
Those are some pissed off lookin Nucks
Cuba's great. There's shredded pork everywhere
Good to know. The little chapel in there is pretty gnarly.
"Didnt know that, just saw ""LG"" devices and got nervous. Bummer for you though, that sucks :/"
This spoke to my soul. I might cry 😭. I really do run away from my feelings
Thank you friend
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.
My point was that there is no good vote here. This is legislative battle over wall funding and any given vote makes sense only in that context.
Nice try..Hulu exec.
Saaaaame. There’s too many damn podcasts, and most of them are too damn long.
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!
I don't bother diagnosing it in people with BPD. The handful of genuine DIDs that I was referring to were people who didn't have BPD.
Not surprised, damn that sucks. Concussions are awful.
Take a shower brother, i can smell you through my phone
Your girlfriend is cruel and emotionally manipulative. Get the hell out and don’t let anyone else treat you like a dirty little secret again.
Stay strong! Get well soon!
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up
I don’t want everybody to live the same way as me, I just wanted to express the stupidity of it.
Have a nice day
I would prefer to not observe it all but federal law does not allow it.
no worries! expense double date ;p I hope you have a nice time!
Don't forget the awkward tomboys.
It’s something put aside in case I really screw up and have no other option but return home
Why,? It’s natural. That’s weird af.
I don't envy people who earned what they have. I respect them. I'm jealous of people who are born or marry into money.
I have listened to him and that's how I know he's a terrible person and his goal is to turn impressionable people into terrible people like himself.
Poor crack baby 😥
Ah, yes, the good old “glass elevator”
I love [NAME].
"I just hate the ""I don't know"" people"
That’s funny cause in the movies subreddit everyone was happy about black panther because of skin color.
But it literally had. Her name on it. Kids are so fucking stupid.
Lol this cant be possible.hey thanks for the link and info! I'll look into it!
You guys are horrible. I love it.
Lmao everyone in this gif was absolutely clueless
I've never seen so many shit opinions with so many upvotes in the motherland before. Guess that's what happens when it hits r/all.
Thank you. I hope we can both/all stay true to ourselves and not to become cynical about others due to our experiences.
I wish I could forget about the redesign. Sadly reddit is adamant about reminding me all the time it exists.
[NAME]?? C’mon, that’s a pretty good pull. 
Yayyyy [NAME]!!!! Now go get a hat trick tonight!
That’s always good to be away from toxic people like that. Try to keep yourself from those types of people, they can ruin your life.
Haha, no. But probably just because I hadn't thought to do it.
Everybody seems to be lost.
Lay off the drugs dude
What a dumbass question to start with...
Guys it's a dril tweet, false alarm
Sounds like a good deal to me. Where do I sign?
Ever since I could squat, deadlift, and bench more than my father he never questioned my decision. haha
This team is fucking embarrassing.
My aunt can also be very intimidating when she needs to be. It's her super power.
I knew I'd see him here eventually. I really like his animations. They're cute and funny
Never mind the delays. Fish, unlike Wine or cheese doesn't improve with age.
Loved him in Gavin and Stacey! Thanks for the recommendation
Thank you!!!
> What keeps hurting her though? They are getting absolutely crushed by the crowd probably. There's always jackasses trying to push forward.
Idk I’d kind of like [NAME] to come up next year. [NAME] still scares me a little. Not saying I don’t like the guy
I also think license should be spelled liscence btw, so don't feel bad
If she is an INFJ they can be quite caustic and verbally abusive at times.
Not at all!
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time
Posting Onion Boy here is basically cheating.
Glad you liked the lesson, don't forget to SMASH that like button and click on the bell box below to join the NOTIFICATION SQUAD
Thanks, :), as the days go by they are getting better.
It didn't take me any longer than the first, and I feel uncomfortable now
I would also like to know the answer to this. Thanks for posting!
It doesn't justify singling one guy out when the whole team played bad. Even [NAME] had a bad game.
2 years down the road (that is, now) every Uber driver complaining about how they re exploited and blackmailed and can't make ends meet.
I agree: most [NAME] are much better than Prophet [NAME], which directly contradicts [RELIGION] doctrine.
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh
She's passed away.
You’re no welcome then. Get aff reddit.
"""I refuse to argue with anyone born before 1980: They don't even know how to rotate PDFs"" That is exactly how this stupid argument sounds"
[NAME] is my least favorite out of all of [NAME] love interest (In all live action movies) Bite me.
Omg that sounds like a really intense experience, how'd you save yourself after the feeling of intense happiness? 
Please point out my fallacious line of reasoning instead of insulting my intelligence. You are an example of a bigot that thinks he is wiser than everyone else.
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that
This song was my jam in 2018. [NAME] bless you.
No matter which you pick ([NAME] or [NAME]) the dance and the date scenes were great. It genuinely makes me happy seeing [NAME] happy.
The bed is comfy and I want it to stay that way
Agree with you there, no one has a strong enough argument as for why it shouldn't be legalised
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.
I'm not responding until you point me where any of my statements contradict cut and clear
Look! More complaining about people complaining, thus compounding the issue! What a happy little circle-jerk : ) You guys will never stop.
So cute!
True, but it'll happen sooner than a constitutional amendment will.
That's the spirit
It’s not easy hiding that Baby Huey diaper.
Thank you for doing these, i wanna learn our prospects more and this helps
Not even surprised by rudi, the man has been a beast since we got him.
FEAR THE TURTLE
It’s a [NAME], very fun guns to shoot. Nothing like a good old lever action sometimes!
Oh thanks! The bot didn't link it so I didn't know
self fulfilling prophecies are always quite fascinating
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.
oh no
You ever want to work so close with protocol and get blamed for changes in DV missions that were never communicated to you? Welcome to LRS!
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.
Nooo. Ireland will now lose those two rounds. The world is unfair
Same here. I appreciate the truckers in this sub and how they emphasize safety.
That looks pretty cool
That sounds awesome actually
Lol. Mod conspiracy theories. Yes they want to destroy the sub. That is their goal.
[NAME]: B [NAME]: B The real reason to vote these 2 to these tiers is because having [NAME] be the only A tier performer is a goodmeme.
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous
I agree that you think that. Not sure myself.
When you can't hold in years of emotional trauma anymore
Are you actually serious? I'm really interested in the details lol
It just seems extremely insensitive to say that. That’s the real problem. It invalidates the other person’s suffering.
Thanks for the [NAME] quote.
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.
Dirty secret. They retired the decks until they got a doozy.
Done it since I was a kid I was very edgy
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!
Nah you’re good. I’d rather date someone who never married/never had kids than the opposite.
I get abused on the daily fam ‍♀️‍♂️‍♂️‍
Absolutely terrible. But wholesome aswell.
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.
I would have a similar reaction if she committed neck rope.
Even a Ford dealer? Thanks for responding, I'll likely sell it privately.
Enough in every catagory to be both respected by my peers and have respect for myself.
oh lol Im personally a mess. I always have been.
I don’t fucking care
Dear down voter, go to your own sub and take your childish down voting with you.
Tell them personally how you feel and that you want things to change for better
Seems like it was supposed to be funny.
The latter is a good description of the last 16yrs of my marriage (now over, thank the gods). 
Actually you're a [NAME] if you aren't for exterminating the 'wrong inherently evil and guilty race'.
I hope things get better soon. I'm proud of you for getting help and talking about it and wish you the best
I’m super proud of him. Great guy!
I hate betting unders.
Good luck.
Great write up, you’ve sold me on Munchak being a good hire.
That LOD is a moron
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.
great work!
Yes officer, this one here
I love when [NAME] plays like this
Wow! You were either a very precocious child or still lived at home when your wisdom teeth came in.
Unemployment was also significantly higher at the end of Old Labours tenure than at the beginning. Yet nobody remembers that.
Normally the posts on this subreddit are pretty innocent and vanilla.....yeah not this one I think I’ll pass on “TheDickPill”
Vancouver is even more ridiculous.
Exactly, i've never heard of dutch lessons on school anywhere in the world !?
I really need to put my foot down. Thanks for the gentle nudge :)
>It's always possible they will bring back an older villain that is behind [NAME] Ah yes. I can't wait for the [NAME] 3.0/Snoke 2.0
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days
I love it. The only thing faker than their lies is them. I’m glad the girl was able to get her divorce.
Thanks boss. Finally got a sibling for the Glock!
Gmod Wonderworld is a personal favorite and may be the most sadistic and hilarious thing [NAME] has done
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.
What a neat gesture!🤗
Women are dangerous as hell too.
Yikes - I'm so sorry things fell apart for you and imposing a sudden hierarchy on you like that was completely crappy on their part.
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.
That's a lot of commitment there. 10/10
Poor attempt for karma I think
Oh, apologies. Silly me didn’t think to check the sub first.
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.
Mod to the rescue! Thanks haha
I wish I would’ve! Idk why I didn’t record it I think I was just in such shock of what had just happened lol.
I take showers at night and I desperately need one atm. My hair has been really greasy recently.
Wow thank you! I’m gonna do that!
"Yeah like ""oh yeah? No shit?"""
dear... husband
That's why the other half of people call me an asshole
😂 Poor kitty.💗 I can hear that howl and see that face! You betrayed her! 😛
Yeah, sorry for that one. Some opportunities are too good to pass up.
Ouch, that looks horrible. Tagged his leg on the dumpster. Lucky he didn’t lose a leg going that fast.
I still don’t understand what did [NAME] do? Lol
Done and done in the memory of [NAME]. I am sorry for your loss.
Y’all some sharks. I’m really just out here trying to be hopeful for the future of my team after a heart shattering lost.
Was getting ready to comment about this one. Was really surprised how much I liked it but can see why it’s not for everyone
Do it :) You’d make my day!
That's really interesting. How come?
No, I'm anti racism.
The comic relief of the cat world - when they’re not tearing the flesh from your bones
Hey nice rebuttal. I got some new information out of that, thanks for that. It's all about learning. 
It's amazing that things like this still exist, considering how much English-language education there is. 
Uh oh. I think I love Calabro. That was a hilarious call. Gotta love it!
Lol stfu really
unrelated, but i love your flair
Nyaw :) imagine all the nice things he’ll have to brag about you to his next target.
What kind of soup? Hopefully he is okay. =D
I’m just gonna go ahead and call bullshit on most of the details of this story.
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/
nice shot of that full moon on the first day of winter!
Thank you! In Germany and was sick of waiting and wondering
Not really someone I despise, but definitely someone I was ashamed of.
nah [NAME] ditto is a bad idea. Unless the marth is really bad he's gonna get 4 stocked quick
dear [NAME] they're multiplying...
Eat the damn rich already!
Have fun getting robbed
If you hike past the 2-3 mile.mark on just about any trail you'll lose all.the Instagram hikers.
Fortnite is not a good game anymore smh my head
I mean, those are all true for people that aren't pregnant too aside from the swelling.
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.
It's not Russian land either. Your argument is still complete nonsense.
Ok, fair enough... This one works
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective
the game certainly feels unfinished, at least on PC. some horrible mouse controls, using a controller is almost necessary.
That’s a statement I can actually get behind. Not because of anything he’s really done, but that Scientology stuff is... weird.
"Apparently a 3 year extension for DACA is what's on offer. No pathway to citizenship. That's gonna be a ""fuck no"" from me, dog. "
This stresses me out way too much.
Yup, but I love wegman's so much, although I am curious as which one this is... I am guessing Jersey or DC area
I don't see the weirdness there. Also, yes, him then and now could spit in my mouth and I'd be perfectly ok with it.
You are such a good boyfriend, keep it up!! I’m jealous :)
And even worse after 40 years!
So there's hope for the rest of us! Thanks for sharing. What helped you get to where you are?
If at first you don’t succeed...welp, nevermind.
I love gold !!
This sub is filled with bitterness.
"Can we change the ""haha"" one to when he was laughing about giving that scarecrow to [NAME] "
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️
He told you that he hates your friends because they don't beat you up? That is so disgusting!
So happy for you both!
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
This is why you should only ever do incremental payments based in the work done.
yay another let's keep nerfing survivors to the ground patch... fun
Awful taste hmmmmm
Also, note how the First Order recruits....children. That certinetly could lead to rampant abuse.
don't you get it? It's freedom to kill children now...
That's what makes the best reply you could paste the comment at mumble rap and 10 day tho.
Aww, what a cute pair
Fuck this boring ass 9-5 corporate bullshit. I feel like starting a podcast about the Bulls.
I feel so much safer when my doctors are only abusing prescription medication... /s
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you
Their album is awesome, too.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)
Your teacher was pretty cool for calling you snoopydog
Ahh you poop too much
Have some more faith in him, it sounds like your husband is trying his best.
Hello, Do you need a student ID for anywhere in the process? I have a valid email but can’t find my ID right now. Thanks
Would love to own a deck like this 😍
groceries are getting crazy expensive
I am so sorry! I hope you are okay!
> It's crazy you don't understand this. i r o n y
Kinda like a thing that comes out of the ground and it smells nice, I think. Cannot confirm
Any [NAME] who are into this, hit me up! Love me some trance & techno. Can't wait for Transmission Sydney in March :)
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(
BPA not fit especially when we dont have a good team
Thanks mate. I'm going to repeat your words to myself until I start believing them. Thanks for giving me a bit of hope :)
I thought he was guaranteed to sign with the Padres lol
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. 
doesn’t help for me unfortunately. i think if anything when i’m on BC is when i experience these symptoms
What the hell
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.
The one fucking thing my home town has contributed besides alcoholics and [NAME] and its a fucking backwards feminist horseshit theory.
This is true...
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.
TOLD YOU ALL, bravo
Honestly, it’s probably for the best if he didn’t know his father too well.
I would give r/momforaminute a visit, the people over there are fantastic and I think they can give you some comfort 
The frankness of this comment made me giggle
I’m sorry where is that?
But he has... so it’s not that he can’t but that he shouldn’t.
Unfortunately you’re absolutely right, no doubt about that 
Thank you. Just hoping I'll make it with minimum damage inflicted on my friends who are helping me move
Damn have they not heard of shelters. Bro go adopt a pupper.
What a wonderful post. Such love. Thanks so much.
Thank you! I suddenly see the benefits of Fahrenheit.
Damn, that's the only war we lost. 
💕❤️💕 I believe in you. Stay strong
That's true for every loss except for this one. He's being really petty and hasn't taken the [NAME] loss well.
"I'm a bit late. What's the ""AAAAAH FUCKING WATER"" reference?"
Barring an injury, [NAME] will be up by May at the latest. You're not going to sign him for one month.
Oh man that title hurt my brain.
Always on the back of my mind when that's the last thing I want.
Maybe she realized that what she did was extremely stupid so she was trying to hide her face so that her shame would somehow disappear.
Congrats on the mild success of your stolen story
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊
...silly walks
I am in distance relationship so this probably me and my boyfriend for this valentine. This suppose to be our first valentine.
Maybe [NAME] needs to have a Big Mac meal and relax.
haha ye ik i was smoking weed for a while before a had to stop. thanks one love
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.
Signing a 31yr old injury prone player for 5 years 60mil is pretty stupid. [NAME] would have been similar cost wise and he isn't made of glass
Wow must be a good market. Could maybe hit up to $150 a day
Considering the whining he did in our modmail, he may not realize this.
Can't believe this game actually released in the state it's in complete joke , should be criminal
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now
"Saying ""don't come into this subreddit just to start arguments about politics"" isn't intolerance."
Not everyone is as Europhilic as you, and that’s okay.
That’s about what ours is, but our rush hour traffic is horrible.
Everyone seems to forget how much he sucked as a quarterback, there’s a reason he was un drafted
You’re so close:) hope you can get one
motivation. Hope this helps you
Excelerate are looking really good yo. They've outslayed every map, are executing perfect plays. Fun, playing to their full potential.
thanks! :)
I watched a video about fake makeup having rat piss in it. No thank you
I love it. I just joined the Streetwise Facebook page to catch up on some of the kids.
Some wonderful pictures here, it's always cool to see what things actually looked like rather than just paintings/depictions in movies. 
Yes I'm sure lol every god has flaws that's what keeps them balanced
I don't think you should ever be forced to do any work, so obviously not. 
Oh man, I didn't expect that: It kept rolling on his face!
Do it successfully and coal country will still say it’s a stupid idea.
Sad... RIP
They are worth the time it takes to write them. Thank you for returning!
No but some random did afterwards. You’re welcome.
every time you see the snake edge and still get hit even though you *swear* you were holding downback
Great reply as usual
I hope these young women change the church and not the other way around.
That wasn't what I was expecting at all.
Sucks even more to be the sons that actually died eh🤔
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. 
Theesomes won't make someone monogamous more open to solo stuff.
[NAME] punches here are so desperate and have absolutely zero power in them. He was outclassed so badly twice in a row after such a dominant run.
3 Hours of [NAME] pissing on the floor in public
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO USE ALL CAPS TO GET YOUR POINT ACROSS!!!
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news 
I just can’t imagine he is as bad as that...it’s just hard to believe.
They have problems for sure.But they don't have YOUR problems.
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.
> I miss frequent, monogamous sex enough that I miss a relationship very much. This is really the core of why I want a relationship.
I swear if he is drafted as a father son to Gold Coast, I wont be happy
Thank you!!!
Sorry man, it’s gonna be really hard to find a Rose jersey anywhere that isn’t a 3XL
From what I remember, a lot of the leafs fans had [NAME] from 8.5-9.25. I can’t recall someone saying 10+
I feel your pain. Sitting here wallowing in self pity and anger at how I let myself go!
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite
Thanks for the summary. I was having a hard time keeping up! :)
Ah that makes sense, thanks for the quick reply. I'm new to the world of working so I have no idea what's what. 
It’s pretty clear UBI is not going to actually Make the character interesting. We should stop deluding ourselves.
I'm so sorry! I hope you are doing better!
Women don't have penises so cannot rape by the legal definition of the word. They can sexually assault however.
Thanks im going to get that on a shirt u are awesome and must love everyone thanks for the help [NAME] is still president
[NAME] did that to [NAME] and let's just say that didn't end to well for anyone
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording
Even more of a reason to nurse on your side! :)
i'm really disappointed this isn't a real sub because i know there are soo many good notes to go in there
This is my bestie's favorite song.
Ah, well thank you. On an unrelated note, does “Benchys” mean boobs?
No they can't. Rent increases has to be given notice at least 30 days prior
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this
That's the worst possible outcome
This is a symptom of the main reason I don't drink or do drugs. F
Thanks a lot!
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.
Thanks, didn't catch that one!
I want to know them - so I can actually murder them. (With words, that is.)
Too right. I hate the Sun. worst tabloid out there
A TECHNICAL Lmao.
I'm sorry for what happened to you. I guess you were sending mixed signals all the time.
I don't know why this image bothers me so much
Pay this man
Am I out of touch? No, it's the [NAME] who are wrong!
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.
Teacher: Huh, I never though he'd really do that.
Still undecided. May depend on how much an uber costs, lol.
Look I don’t mean to be rude but w
GOAT FLAP. Thank you! I am in the middle of hormones right now.
Yeah, the only issue with the scene is how long the dance scene goes. 
Yes, I dont trust people very much so I tend to push them away, and I feel like I dont have enough energy to keep up with people 
thanks for the thoughtful reply. but yeah I guess its mostly a pipe dream! I wish someone would post some detailed ideas and replies like this!
She manages to interview the most horrible people, as long as they're willing. Can't have an interview with someone who'll only attack your questions. 
Praise [NAME] your taste is bad /s
Damn [NAME] great move
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D
Hopefully but I don't think it's going to change anytime soon
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.
Stop believing everything you’re told.
Atlantica combat is unlike anything else. So fun. Didnt know it was still arkund; I wish it wasnt so Asia difficult and grindy
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!
Too fast for me in the chat room. I'm on my phone and can't type that fast. Here is more relaxed and everyone is hilarious.
So glad you left this note. This is the way it’s done! Newspaper (or similar) and everything.
Literally all I wanted was some sort of evidence and somehow I’m wrong...? You’re too stupid to be real.
Humm, just a few days after I unsubbed. You aren't luring me back again though r/Murderedbywords !
"[NAME] was good in ""My Love from the Star""."
And those kids made fun of the people doing it just as much as everyone else. Source: i am a high school teacher.
i wish i could be an ex someone wanted to get back with.
 yay!!! Congratulations! You are so pretty, make up is going to look awesome on you! Your hair is beautiful too ^_^
Drink. Watch hockey. Eat. That's what I do.
That's an adorable horsie
Our volume of immigration does not mean it is easy to get in. The bar is very high and there are many applicants.
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me
He’s not a young offensive mind and that offends people.
>it should be **illegal** to teach **religion** to young children Do you believe in a separation of church in state though?
[NAME] is one of the worst announcers ever. [NAME] is one of the best.
if it's harassment its a criminal charge. I haven't read the decision yet but this seems like a stretch based on what i know.
Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love it.
Lol oops what season are you in so I will know what not to spoil 🤪
That’s what I suspected. Will be interesting to see if they can steal some wins against the top teams in the league.
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone
Our village prosecutor actually made that joke when the judge couldn't read my ticket.
Damn, that's dark
You really can't. So just dont worry about it
I always say thank [NAME] we can’t comprehend it!!
This doesn't even make sense!
Lol hokay guy.
It can make me angry - that and hearing my neighbors have sex
Your brother really saw the light huh!
I just googled the thing. Yeah thats it! I might have described it incorrectly but that looks very similar. Thanks!
You're going to be pissed.
Like the Whitehouse is getting stale the fuck on now.
Don't feel bad! Hopefully they both run.. their delegates should go to whoever gets more votes in the end.
I've come here to chew bubblegum and to kick ass.
Weird I can relate to this but in the same time I can't relate to this
Because our roster has gotten worse each year since 2017 and the team is spending less. That isn't a recipe for continued success
It’s too cold to go outside most of the year. Whining into webcams is all they’ve got!
[NAME] AND [NAME] ARE SO GOOD AT DRAWING FOULS ON 3'S
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title
Thanks I had heard this advice, Almost botched it in November.
She's immortal now. Spread throughout the internet...shared by hapless idiots.
No group... I didn't say the guy's plan was realistic haha
Guy looks like he's taking a nasty deuce.
Great, but we can't just assume that that's the case and allow everyone to DevientArt the whole subreddit
Thank you! Not to yuck any yums, but this bloody grease stain looks like something a haunted doll would leave behind. 
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done
Hi, [NAME]! I am dropping by to wish you the most fantastic day of your life! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.
Gorgeous. We headed to the Bob Hall pier to watch it on the beach.
I’m dying from your comment. I actually literally laughed out loud from it.
Umm, I don’t think empathy means what you think it means...🤷‍♀️
Ohh that's in season I like that one
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.
You're right!
you're going to relapse in two years because you have an illness that makes you use excessive amounts of things to cope with emotions..
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.
Omg I love it
"I want my kids to feel like life will take care of them -[NAME] ""LIFE will take care of them?"" *signature [NAME] face* hahahhaha"
"Yeah I was waiting for him to coming at the end with ""Why don't you just let us do it?"" I would."
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.
I hope your struggle is worth it. Stay strong.
I was about to say the same lol.
Dear OP: Proper punctuation please/thank you.
Agreed. The only sensible option is to throw half a fit when people disagree with you!
Biggest Welfare Queen in the world!
That’s the most intelligent question I’ve ever been asked. I *could* answer it...
Nice mix of trashy and classy.
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude. 
I was tripping balls my first time.
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you
Sounds epic man
That’s abuse and manipulation. She trained you well. I’ve lived it, brother. 
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.
Directly tell me why you felt the need to threaten my life.
This game and it’s updates can be very frustrating sometimes. We already discuss the issues to death but meme Monday has been oddly therapeutic
When you've been to 9 in the past 20 years its kinda hard to stiil get excited . Its our week 17.
Yeah no...I would find it very demeaning
It's certainly not one I identify with, but I find it intriguing. Hence my starting this discussion. 
I didn't think it was that bad ><
I know, pain in the asses.
You have great points. !delta
I thought chiropractors were bad! Look as these medical doctors who were pushing opiates on their patients by the thousands!
Thank you for your input.
Thanks for the information!
I took a screen writing class and I think we had to do this. Then again the class was a while ago so I don't remember much
man whenever [NAME] talks i feel like a deaf person because well I just can't hear shit
Ugh. People are the worst!
Pretty torn about this post. Glad you made a friend but it sounds like you’re encouraging her habits and it’s not cool.
Saw a video on Instagram from my friend that lives in Longmont. The snow looks so pretty. Do want.
I loathe him too, but I couldn't even get on board with lynching him. Not even that obnoxious twat [NAME]
Well then take my upvote my sub soulmate. lol
It's a great town.
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.
Me too, whenever my friends get with people I dont feel happy for them. I just feel envy and rage.
Thank you for being the only person here to choose, not to be offended. This is a good burn. 
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.
I wish I could be half as cool as that guy
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... 
I’m pretty sure you can run as long as one of your parents is a US citizen (correct me if I’m wrong).
Im turning 30 this year. We just cant get rowdy like we used to man, i mean we *can* but damn all these responsibilities
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way
Please, it'd be to stop time wasting doomed repeat VoNCs.
Seriously doubt it will be Knights of Ren, but that would certainly be a great way to get people excited and build hype.
i have this comic and I love this bit!
Boy I *sure hope* this isn't a weekly thread, how obnoxious, haha
Yeah the question makes no sense without more context.
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. 
That's exactly why I'm asking you if you would.
Beat me to it. Just because the news makes it seem like there is a pandemic of school shootings, it is exceedingly unlikely to happen.
Protip- just smell your damn food. Use your senses!
Also not true. Germany had pervasive antisemetism long before [NAME]. Ignoring that error your argument is horrible and you should be ashamed.
He’s just tired and needs to rest.
Her upper lip always looks terrible - such an easy fix, can’t believe she is so vain and never bothers to wax 
Absolutely horrible.
Trespassing in Texas and you’ll get shot. I would’ve shot them.
Oh she'll most probably die in that route for sure. I just hope she doesn't get a lame death, that's all
It's a genious strategy, isn't it?
I remember that one. I to found a special fondness for vacuums after that.
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.
You're not wrong
I don’t think that can happen here.
I like both.
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.
Fear of awkward and inconvenient encounters. What can he do to you?
oh, what an unlucky woman, that mother of his...
Its not just kids being kids, stop being so naive
This is almost irritating. Like, take a breath, shithead..,
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs
That will have to be MY cake then!
Thank you, kind Internet stranger.
I understand what he was trying to say, but [NAME] it came out badly.
Oh no! He’s right!
Oh wow- some truly have crazy different genetics. I’m glad you got her a friend, I’m sure it helps immensely. 
They obviously sent the funds to Binance because they didn't want them to get hacked on some shady exchange like Cryptopia.
Wow! If they were to follow that logic, they would have to ask why on earth we were given doctors! Insanity.
She took the fucking kids, huh?
[NAME] reinforces the pessimistic world view, I've been there and at least it was cancerous for me. 
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?
I love it when cats go all airplane ears
Practice your speech before hand. In your head and in the physical world. Then keep doing it until it no longer scares you.
right. cause it's real. that's why she has to talk about it.
No problem People repost and don’t credit, so it’s a necessary evil Thanks for the feedback
A lot of people shit on wiki edits, but most of them give me a nice little chuckle
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.
I suppose you would take on somebody else's terminal illness if you could. That makes you the opposite of a coward.
And there I was blaming the poor black lads
What's the point of marching for life when you don't respect those living in front of you? I'll never understand these schmucks.
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.
Haha cheers for the kind words mate
Dude take the medicine. It helps.
Ugh gross. Don't suggest a PUA book to a kid.
fuck atheist countries
Weird flex but ok
Came here to see if i was the only one. The whole edit is one gigantic mess.
Because it has rough areas. Which near enough every city/town in the central belt has.
You bottomed out, worked, and wanted more. Feels great, doesn't it?
Because most shit right wingers say is so awful that if they said it in a space where they weren't anonymous they would be fucking done
It's very hard to un-brainwash someone. Damn near impossible
She is my friend
[NAME] has weird ideas about everything.
This is awesome! I really wish I could make it!
This is my favorite [NAME] joke I've seen
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.
[NAME] i want to slap the shit out of her
Haha! [NAME] aside, that is *wonderful*!
My [NAME], I totally forgot about that! I really really hope he married [NAME]... They would be an amazing married couple! 
Oh interesting. I must have got in a while ago.
You spelled Nazis Propaganda wrong.
Cool post. I just wish the game had more enemies besides just the spartan and athens army (like harpies, giant snakes, something like that). 
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.
Thank you so much! I love Germany! I was in Berlin 2 years ago for research work.
We like what we like.
He's a garbage person. It's very disappointing. I liked him so much before.
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck
take care!! <3
I actually did have a girl a few towns away in a different school and no one knew her. No one believed me at first :(
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.
SUFFER MORTALS!
I need to save this for hipster resistance supporters
"THE IMAGE ASKS ""WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"" THE ANSWER IS ""NEH"""
[NAME] YES!!!
I’m not crying. Nope, no tears over here! 
I understand why... But it's so sad we have to lie... It breaks my heart...
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop
Well damn wish I could use venom too.
I don't think a player can have no value and also be worth rioting over if he's traded.
No it's not. It's two people legally allowed to kiss kissing. Whatever stigma you have is yours and not shared by everyone.
Thanks a lot
I blame [NAME] for this series of unfortunate events
Hell yeah! Don't let all the jokes get to you. You be happy being you!
THAT'S NOT HOW THIS GAME WORKS.
This joke is disgusting and offensive. Dictionaries don't contain proper nouns!
"*concussion* *Trophy system kills it* *Another concussion* *Trophy system kills it* ""Yo guys watch me throw this cluster"" Honestly embarrassing "
Oh I hate him even more now.
The House comes and goes every few years. Judges hang on until they die. Congrats on the House.
I must of not fully understood what you meant... damn tired redditing
he defended [NAME] when [NAME] drugged and butt raped a 13 year old girl
No. We wouldn’t have enough room to play them all and each of them would add like 10-15 mill in luxury tax. EACH.
Edit 2, holy shit this is great. But be cautious 
I bet you’re really fun at parties.
lmao i love [NAME] what a legend somebody who really doesn't care what the public thinks i wish i could be like him
You know it’s really bad when the lashes are bigger than the brows
Couldn't have said it better myself
An indie rock guy I loved used dialectics to explain his songwriting process, it was weird.
[NAME]! Scoring ridiculous goals while missing sitters. Love it :-)
She's ugly so that might add some more months.
[NAME] rosenbrook? Is this woman mental. Why does she use these names?
Sorry but I don't keep up with YT celebs or drama What happened to [NAME] ?
So we need a jewelry store and a tv show. Bet lol
And whatever car he buys MUST have a strong Air Conditioning system. This is an absolute MUST here.
Been looking at Panthera, will take a look at RAP N. Thanks for the consideration of my big hands :D
Like I said, funny. 
It bugs me just how many people move over to be on camera
Not a doctor but I don’t think so. Carbon monoxide displaces oxygen, but it doesn’t destroy lung tissue that i know of. 
Cant wait til [NAME] passes him. [NAME] is an ungrateful mofo. Anyone that praises their own work ethic and hard work needs slapped silly.
The new Five Nights at Freddy’s looks great
Marijuana dispensary ask for thc ditalite cartridges and they might have different brands but all of them are good
[NAME]. I really loved your hustle for 35 yards. That's why it was so hard to cut you.
Don't think so. Pretty sure i tried it on the MOG 12
thank you!!
Of course I have. It’s nothing, absolutely nothing like this. Its just a few much bigger pieces that break apart now.
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.
That is an awesome idea and execution. Also a great example of an actual free market system working right.
Peta killed a dog once, so peta is bad, so veganism is bad, so its ok to kill and eat billions of animals (including dogs)
There is something legitimately wrong with you
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries
Whoa I actually remember this. Wait shit does that mean I’m old
As Kings fans both my brother and I laughed out loud that it wasn't called. Looked sick though.
That's cool! That's definitely one way to look at itl
even the safe queen (pearl) was amazing. i would have had pearl and ginger double win
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite
i would not want to be they guy operating the reloader while 2000RPM of 30mm shells are firing
No! Your the dumbass for leaving the keys in the car! Again DUMBASS!!!!!
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)
One of our favorite rides.
There is irony in what you guys are saying.
Just looked up TITANS, now I've GOT to watch it!! Thanks for the advice too
My school did this too except with a gold spray-painted plunger. Kids love toilet humor. 😎
The latter is correct.
ye but that is fucking [NAME]... there is a diffrence between [NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] is good but he is no [NAME] ;)
No. It cannot. It's a dangerous fantasy (unironically)
This sounds familiar. But no it will be [NAME] fault. She MADE [NAME] hurt you for the greater good. /s
Thank you to share your opinion and I’ll appreciate this (=
Unfortunately they do at times, but it's not the case in this video.
Thanks. I was leaning towards the 11:05 tourney at MGM since it's deeper stack and slightly longer blind levels.
Damn you two need help
I watched that worm fish sauce thing. So gross, disgusting, bleh, NO,NO, and HELL NO!!
Would not put too much trust on the numbers, Canadian journalists did a test on couple of these services and got different results between two identical twins.
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!
Now you tell me! I’m heading at high speed towards a one-third-life crisis and need a change.
I like how because it’s on topic you assume everyone involved is making it their entire being. Lmao.
I hate those days man... So triggering
ohh. thank you for explaining!
Also dont have to worry about ramos and robles walking in runs to lose games
Currently listening and loving it.
People on the internet take shows too seriously. The average fan is not like that
I don't see much reason for it even as a 2nd.
Stop arguing with people.
Legend! Cheers bro
I have dayz but haven’t played in years. Last I heard it’s still a broken mess lol.
I wouldn't volunteer a second honestly. That weather is not worth it, and neither are your coworkers.
Is that the cobbler in the background of the family portrait? This is great.
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.
Lol, how much XP you get for that?
not defending [NAME] - just pointing out *one* of the reasons folks may disagree with slapping the socialist label on anyone left of neolib scum
Lol you're an idiot.
Yeah suck it, California
Yep. I’ve done a couple shoots at Hornsby small bore and one clay pidgeon day at Lucas Heights.
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.
Stupid science bitch
I'm looking forward to this way more than Captain Marvel. It's actually not even close
How can you be so stupid... it’s called climate change, there is so much research on it. It’s just blindly denying science..
Truly a beautiful story, 11/10 :')
I’ve gone through it before, and it sucks. I’m still a little hazy and withdrawn.
Nowadays I get nervous watching Steelers defense. Back then, I couldn't wait to see what they'd do next.
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS
That was a brutal shift. Honestly he should be playing sheltered minutes. Team needs [NAME] and [NAME] back, give bulk of his minutes to [NAME]. 
[NAME] some of these post i read on this sub its just getting too ridiculous
eh, it has its ups and downs. 
Doesn't change the fact that they shadowbanned a subreddit. Just because YOU think it's stupid doesn't make that ok.
She went on a PR tour in Syria and met with him. I think it’s fair to say she’s pro-Assad.
Oh my lord I am so sorry. That is just despicable. Internet hugs.
I’d love that luxury of time.
😢 Happy Birthday [NAME]! She had an amazing role model growing up!
Sorry for your loss. Thoughts and prayers.
Was my friends family... They had the wrong address, you're sick dude. 
Your logo was amazing, your sushi was not.
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!
Akshon Esports do amazing and high quality content for Artifact, crazy they get so few views on their videos.
"Exactly, she wasn't ""venting"", she was abusing his fiancee. "
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.
Heh, U.S. only has a partial government right now :/
Y’all need one of those world famous mascots. Your top at producing those.
burn the witch!
>a water molecule spends around 600 years in Lake Superior. I guess it takes a while lol
I like this
Sounds like he dodged a bullet. You’re kinda dumb.
It's the giant robot penis. Texas favorite.
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.
I use 3 different credit unions and all of them are great. Used Wells Fargo for a short while and hated them.
I have a lot of fun on pre-CU servers, but I like to grind and I love the Star Wars universe
No youre a cunt
Please stop LOOKING, and go.
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].
I have multiple throwaways for the embarrassing or depressing things I need to get off my chest.
That's amazing!
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.
OMG, yep!!! That is the final answer. Thank you so much!
Hey didnt say being fat and short is bad
Good loss for the tank. [NAME] and [NAME] played really well.
">The Charisma Myth"" It's bullshit too."
Shit, I lost the original page. Please forgive me.
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!
Awesome! I just read Bad Blood and have been waiting for a documentary about it.
Pity. I had some decent lunches there, but never went there at night.
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. 
But [NAME], this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream. 
Never. He cheated multiple times, and each time I had an idea before I had proof. Listen to your gut. 
would give gold if I had it haha
good to hear! I'm just gonna buy it when i'm done with my second playthrough so that i can judge Andromeda for myself
I am glad I'm not the only person who noticed that bit of WTFuckery. 🤣
Oooo I love that theory! I hope we do find out her name one day
Much appreciated comrade!
Best side quest ever!
you fucking moron
Haha! I was right :D.
I don’t make the rules, man, I just blindly follow them like a sheep
I hope it sticks for a while. I don’t have super even skin but I can’t stand wearing foundation.
Bishop [NAME] was talking about lawmakers rather than the women who seek abortions. Though the situation doesn't matter when it comes to dismembering a baby.
Peace to you both.
I love how sly you are being
I agree. But shooting him left me feeling bad too.
oh wow, that's great news! 12 episodes of a good show always leave me on my appetite!
Yeah but even then I feel like they could’ve went about it better
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.
I don’t understand why you got a couple downvotes. I found your comment quite funny.
Thanks brother/sister. If I wasn’t so poor I’d gold you
Lol what did you type in? Cause I posted this and its entirely mine.
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!
Foot fetish people like pretty feet. Those are not.
tyvm for this advice actually, i was totally bamboozled on this topic
What are you talking about? Anything bad that happened was [NAME] fault - only good things were [NAME] doing!
I want to make friends too :( but I feel like I have nothing good to offer
this is my worst fear
AWIL, great movie.
This team is so untalented.
It's weird because sometimes I care and sometimes I don't. Although I wouldn't call myself an asexual I could be leaning more towards demisexual.
Calling people on the internet “sweetie”... sweet [NAME] I love this sub. The cringe hurts so good.
I'd worry about traffic more than the TSA.
In my experience, yes.
Thanks for the advice, i appreciate it.
Look how pretty she is. YES QUEEN YESSSSSSS
[NAME] would be proud.
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh
No, no I'm not.
Not at all! It’s my pleasure
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!
And if you ever make a fat cop joke on reddit then you're the worst criminal of all!
I know to you Professor, break time is nothing. But to me, it's serious.
I like that they have a red light camera there to combat the red light runners. You can see it flash twice at 0:48.
Ah yes thank u, now the image is very funny
This guy's an idiot lol
> [NAME]. You disgust me. But seriously when do we get a real show and skip the constant ad teases.
They do it way more often than you do and they give even less of a fuck. It's normal.
Because killing people is wrong?
I did misread i saw 23-27
[NAME] Almighty. This may be the most empathetic and compassionate reddit thread I've ever seen! Who ever said drunks were mean? Terrible stereotype.
The dense stuff isn't very accessible. :/
At first view, I thought it was a beer mug seen from above but immediately saw it's a pancake and now I'm just feeling dipshit.
Nah, I knock on the door from inside, or the wall, or tap the floor, seems easier
Good luck to you! Also good job for standing up for yourself
TY for the encouragement! ❤️
[NAME], that fucking sucks.
A hatred for loot boxes and a desire to get them banned was quite popular on Reddit.
Please tell me you were buying something extremely embarassing!
[NAME] was the worst Of any sports team Unis!!!
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff
I don’t think there is mouse and keyboard support yet
It’s nice to know that no one cares enough to send me either.
The like is the worst of the bunch
>fail at reading comprehension >Other guy must be a troll ¯_(ツ)_/¯
> traffic through there in the summer is awful because that’s where everyone wants to be. your life starts to revolve around bridge time.
[NAME] is garbage in every single game he plays. He needs to be traded
Sorry but the majority of console players will agree that he needs nerfed and nerfed hard
I didnt see a ref's hand up, I was about to have a stroke
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.
[NAME] damn I love Coops
It's all out of love... We promise.
Damn that was super fucking good.
Now defeat your dragons and clean your room.
Your mother is an idiot. If she somehow proved that you were an unfit parent to your children your stbx husband would get them not her.
Wtf did I just read? That was painful
That pizza looks good
Lmao, okay little buddy. Have a nice day. 
This is how Dayz is meant to be, very nice story!
I dated a girl once who made a gb with her cup holder. Dropped my phone in it once
Now you’re reddit staking me? Don’t comment on my stuff dude.. gtfoh
Being ugly and confident does not mean you'll do well in dating. You'll just try more.
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!
My 8 year old niece enjoys them. 12 year old nephew thinks they're brilliant though :)
They’re not pissed off to the point where they’re actually going anywhere else, and that’s just crunching numbers.
The chubby one scurrying away against the baseboards has me cracking up. Typical hamster.
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?
Shhh don't give them the idea!
You have been banned from the mickey mouse clubhouse for inappropriate behavior
SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE OR I WILL HACK YOUR REDDIT ACCOUNT!!!!!!
[NAME] is great, I love [NAME] content as well.
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo 
Wait... I have been in two movies and I have played [NAME] in both.
Anything to do with Iceland and Scandinavia has to be rad!
"Yes, and when I do say ""no"" I'm filled with tremendous guilt. "
I'll think about prime, just heard a lot of negative about them that spooks me some.
You really don't allow children to come forward with bullying until they have video evidence? Lmfao
I do hate fortnite dances
Looks deliriously boring.
Irrational anger especially certain family members
All good brother
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]
Be good-looking.
I love [NAME] as a player. I still think the best is yet to come with him. Just praying he stays on the field.
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.
Have fun in the farmer's league.
Thanks so much for the precious advice, that is very helpful!
Icing on a cake of sadness.
I dont know, she seems pretty gangster to me.
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( 
That's unfortunate but can't blame that lawyer for doing his job.
Keeping the stomach warm also helps. Holding the baby with their stomach against yours helps them fall asleep. But it doesn't work all the time unfortunately.
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...
Uh...no
No problem! I was upset I couldn’t chose a female rose grey bay Arabian in story mode. I wanted to name her Rosé
My wife is going to hate me for laughing my ass of when I tell her this later. Worth it!
Lmfao I'm not here to Google easy shit for morons.
Good Luck at the SuperBowl [NAME]!
You're a great dad.
Congrats to you!! My husband went from being like your husband... to processing cannabis oil. There is hope.
We really need to sign a new CB now with [NAME] out injured. [NAME] isn't good enough yet.
I found some very interesting things on the mind shock podcasts about questions I had. Enjoy the digging in the reddit hole.
yeah, i believe thats the only moving part in the whole device.
This wasn't exactly aimed at the national brain trust.
Okogie looks like a freaking beast compared to the rest, maybe not Ayton. His shoulders are bigger than his head haha.
don’t curse mmeEEEE !
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?
Why don't you just move to secular country like North Korea, China or Sweden? Leave theists alone we don't want you.
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself
Fuck your opinion apparently
Good work if true!
She'll probably never be seen again, I fear. Thanks for reminding me of her name.
I hope [NAME] likes my Thanos costume though.
A better description would be she got a nasty fright rather than it being terrifying.
You're attractive. I would shag you. Worcester isn't too far from Derbyshire haha
Too bad I do/
Really that's not very sad at all
Love the cheese!
The picture in the thumbnail looks like the kids in the maga hat that fucked with the native [NAME]
If it were [NAME] being negative about Korea, would you be equally happy to see it banished?
They also almost always miss, leading to that awful thin sheet of bagel that ends up as ash in the oven. 
I agree I think they hyped it up
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)
Mate you are mental, no way [NAME] would mess up like you have said!
That’s a very precious word from [NAME].
This is great in contrast to the [NAME] and [NAME] drama
And then the oligarchs in charge will be forced to say how they really feel about America... this bizarre logic has very interesting potential.
 No way, man. We're gonna keep on rockin' forever. Forever. Forever. Forever...
And even then... It won't be for long.
No. These are the people who loved someone with BPD, but got used/abused/abandoned by them. It's mostly romantic relationships. Family tends to be on r/raisedbyborderlines. 
Same. But the 21 point lead drew me in.......who knew you can lose by double digits leading by that much.
That sounds kinda crazy. I bet you voted for [NAME]
I don't know how everyone is falling for this lmao. Cringing a bit.
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid
The way that ladder is attached to the building is pretty terrible.
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!
Everyone is fed up of it, but it'll be over soon and we'll be glad of it then. Just like the Newlands Cross flyover.
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.
I actually have the complete collection so I can play any of them when I want to!
Can’t wait to try this out
No kids? Who cares. Go your separate ways.
This is how my SO gaslights me. I hope it goes well when he comes home and good luck with the baby!
That’s the hardest part for some to get over, but hobbies help and getting yourself up and out of the house and spending time with friends
Yeah. Hard not to catch feelings sometimes, even if they are just a bunch of writeoffs.
Wow wish I could take that. That is an absolute steal. Not a lock by any means but value alone is worth it
Too bad that's not the case. I'm happy I'll one day die.
I will definitely check that artist out, if there is something that can lift me up a little bit, it's new music. 
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling
I'd love it if we actually rotated instead of running players into the ground.
Lol, same! Except that I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
They look absolutely PERFECT together. I hope its that way in real life too. So happy for ya [NAME]!!!
Ah. I thought you meant ads in general. Sorry, bud! 
Thank you. I saves your comment, to buy this book when I get outta the field
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.
Thanks. I knew DH, but that one was confusing me.
Why would anyone forget how dominant he is? Lmao Oh yea we suck.
i definitely remember the times i embarassed myself or regrettable actions i made from years ago
For me it is easier to believe that the Big Bang occurred via a natural process than through an external agent such as some god.
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this
>as a part-time Knicks fan Join us! Become a full-time Nuggs fan!
He’s still a handsome fella, imo. ‍♀️
The cult of reason was very unreasonable. :D
Yeah I love all of my little rejects. They keep my wife warm when I've got a night shift.
Lol. Go astroturf r/politics. We aint buying her leftist bs here
does any body notice that 8 in 2018 looks weird
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.
He’s too old for [NAME]
I have no shame to say I know the dances and most of the live shows. SHE IS MY QUEEN
11 years goddamit I’m old
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.
In heaven that's the only thing that's going on. All the angels and human souls sing [NAME] praises forever.
Lol. That too
Can we put down weed bro? He’s faced too much suffering.
It goes that far back? That was probably hands down the best fight ever. I loved stone cold as a kid
Think about how many times OP has jerked it into those sheets
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].
It goes away and can be treated. Once treated it would never return until she had another child.
Please cut her off from your life. You don’t need to deal with this behaviour. Be safe and please take care.
I honestly can't tell if he really doesn't care or if he's just soft af... or maybe both lol
Not having sex doesn't mean you can't talk about it especially if the ultimate goal is proper coexistence.
That'd be amazing! Heard about Newington's reno not long ago. Need to get over there.
Their Cinnamon Chip Bread is also quite good.
MRW someone asks me what that new annoying app that's always advertising on Youtube is.
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.
My bad, I guess I should've read the whole thing, from opiate yes 
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?
Common sence isnt that common any more
Saw bad guy, arrested same.
At least you can admit you missed it
I crave nuts and nut butter all 👏 the 👏 damn 👏 time. I think my body know they’re calorie and nutrient dense 😂
Stop. How can you watch [NAME] these past years and think he has 2-3 years left.
He said he says it on his own but I don't want him to say it at all. I feel like their bio mom hates me
This...has 9k upvotes. Wow.
Yeah, the robber in my comment was also 'emotionally attached' is what I meant. I don't get what your comment means lol. 
If you'd like to suggest an alternative non-inflammatory metaphor for something that implies racism, I'm happy to consider it. 
That's what I was talking about. Eat one meal, then hibernate until you're so hungry you gotta eat again.
Thank you!! Every time I see someone say “with one exception” I’m like nooo! It’s a song too!!
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately
‘My Goddess went to prison and all I got was this crappy t-shirt’
Ah yes, my apologies!
We are going with Godsey. This team is so dumb.
The incorrect number of O's has depressed me
I regret that I have but one downvote to give.
It’s counterfeit. Just morally wrong.
God. Damnit. Ever since HS hockey players have been my fetish... This is almost too much...
Lmao good luck tryna convince anyone you’re not just a brain washed redpiller tryna start shit just for validation :/
It’s perfect!
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end
Looks very dry
Oh look another shit call
You sound scared
i would not vote for him
Thank you very much for the advice I didn't really have anywhere else to turn
I like [NAME]
That was so disgusting. VWP
Pretty much, it’s ironic to think how quickly the parties would switch positions if the illegal immigrants were expected to vote 90% for [NAME].
i wouldn’t want to fight me neither
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. 
In foreign policy terms we're no better than Russia. We're guilty of everything they are.
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.
i wish i could wear what she's wearing! * _ * Sooooo beautiful!
"My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing ""fiire"""
Sweaty irritates me. But Its not exactly drag lingo. I've seen it on so many other subs too.
Neither of them looked good in the grimes beef lol
I would say you’ll be fine just drink water and maybe run/sweat a few times before your drug test!
Hooray for the cancer! /s
Dude that was in like October abandon all hope
"The 5 days got an audible ""[NAME]"" out of me. That's terrifying. "
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.
"Sounds like another data point for ""fear homo Sapiens"", haha. "
Virtually no happiness anymore, exhausted with trying, meds not working properly and just tired of it all.
This offense is just painful to watch.
"its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying ""libertarianism is astrology for men"""
"When the etiquette ""shitpost"" is 100% accurate"
This is good for people who pilots as well and rely on Tablets or phones for mapping
>Dude, nobody reads. That is *really* not true. 
Luckily you can see the Big 5 within about 45 minutes from Joburg, so get the car and Google some activities. Loads of fun to be had. 
ah, rejection. i know something about it
That was a fluid motion and it scared me
That is disgusting. No one should act like that to you. I'm so sorry that happened.
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move
Not quite no. I don't pay attention to the leaks so I can't judge their quality.
Of course it is. If it's called #bellletstalk. Not #letstalk.
It shouldn't be, I feel like that's happened to us many times! 
I laughed so hard.
[NAME] is a cute woman, A Shyster, but cute.
$11 an hour doesn't leave a lot of room to be a hero.
You made yourself useless playing their game instead of forcing them to play to your strengths
Instinct and Intellect are opposites, never said they were the same
No wonder I can not use my Visa card in China. [NAME] is doing the right things. China must stop its unfair business practices.
Thank you for at least doing something good sir.
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.
Can I just say that the Elizabeth Line is still a bloody stupid name, and no I don't think I'll just get used to it.
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.
I appreciate this post, so it’s appropriate in my eyes 😀
FUCK, THANKS!
I’d say this is spot on. He’s not sorry he hurt me. He just wants me to shut up.
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.
Thins are my favorite and I will not apologize. It makes the flavor of the cookie shine through.
Man, I miss those days. LA is pretty much dead now.
The next [NAME]. Welcome [NAME].
Not offended just dont care to debate over game development or how long it takes 🤷🏽‍♂️ lol you win sir
True, I am not a fan of [NAME] or anyone really. I did not mean to make so many people mad.
LPT for controversial thing use bing. They dont filter as muchas google.
Gotta love January.
I'm phobic of needles and babies so that was NOT a picture I wanted to see.
sorry im deaf i can’t hear you
These rich fucking senators are completely out of touch with reality. Eat. The. Rich.
Underaged drinking in Wisconsin... get out no way!!!
I don't even know how to begin explaining something this preposterously self-evident to you, so I'm just not going to. 
If they want the situation to escalate, they may just keep nagging me and wait for things to tip over.
Wish he'd upload more 😪
They won VEGAS not the PRO LEAGUE QUALIFIER. Stop trying to bait me
Because bullying is a way to enforce social conformity, and discourage people from being different. 
This is a bad post and you should feel bad for being the author
As every politics expert knows, there's an eternal struggle between The Holy Roman Empire and Nazis. 
Yup those are the two worst tasting out of my cocktail!
[NAME] looks hot in her 70’s outfit.
So...... SOOOOOOOOOO glad Atlanta came back and beat the Bucs. Because of it, my beloved [NAME] are coming to Tampa.
Justice for that horrendous no call
My husband’s mental health issues caused our divorce. If you need a friend or a listening ear, pm me. I hope things improve!
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.
Well, that was dumb.
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck
We all saw it, my American friend. Now go and fix your government.
"Sure glad I wasn't coming the other way when this twatwaffle decided to try his ""watch this sick drift, yo"" stunt."
I’m glad you did
Those ads actually make me feel bad for financial advisors gouging clients with excessive fees.
You all treat him like shit so what do you expect?
I hate that attitude, as if it's every woman's, purpose, dream, and personal duty to reproduce.
You look adorable. :) I love your eyes. :)
No but I will now. Thanks!
No it was a joke
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over
Thats fair. I know its a joke it just always struck me as odd how people wrote it off. No worries.
Never ceases to boggle my mind how truly ignorant some people are.
The one in WA state. For some reason Vancouver BC is really close to Vancouver WA. It's weird
That head must hurt!
1.0mg is a high dose. My husband is an insomniac and can't take that dose without nightmares.
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE
Looks nice, thanks:) 
You spend most of your time here in the Rangers threads talking about how much you hate the huns. That's pretty weird as well.
its disgusting where our society is. free tube sites need to be banned
I imagined as much, but I wasn’t sure, thanks for the clarification.
I think that's a minority, not the majority there.
I actually find running harder than passing on all madden
It won't matter how you explain it. He's cruel and insensitive and doesn't care about how you feel.
Hah. Thanks!
Honestly, the fact that they're over and done didn't truly hit me until I saw that they now have a Greatest Hits album.
Well I'm not to sure what country your from but my school has started integrating more modern views and it isn't all black and white anymore
Disney World/Land or NYE at Time's Square have always made me nervous.
Can't wait to die so I won't have to hear [NAME] breath in my ears 100 years from now.
Was hilarious. RIP Roman
Socially it's completely unacceptable to pee your pants.
I mean I'm no fan of the series either but who cares? It makes a lot of people happy.
Awesome me too, can't wait.
I want my fucking cake back.
No. You have to have killed her due to negligence or the like. Manslaughter is essentially the crime of accidentally killing someone because you did something careless.
I am in hysterics. How are these people so serious?
Indeed. I've had an eye removed and what you described is accurate.
Huh, I'd missed this one when looking for new games a few months back. Might have to give it a try.
Unfortunately this is just as illegal as impeding traffic all over the city.
I'm upset that there's no sexual subtext between [NAME] and [NAME] in the new Super Mario game
fantastic point!
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.
Far enough, np. Its rough communicating sarcasm in text form, especially nowadays with Poe's law in overdrive. 
I got sort of excited and really was hoping it was [NAME]. Obviously it's not.... so yey... mystero.
I’m not high and that sounds like a good sandwich.
Then when you dropped them that was it for youth group cred for the night. Lol
Thats great! Just curious, what game? 
Thank you brother
lmao i just laughed so hard at this, screw yates
Please don’t marry this man-child.
It's simple, he's blunt, and that is what some people need.
Studid fuckin idiot
you don’t appreciate the good times till you go through the bad.. things will get better OP, stay strong
jeeez i've never seen a scorpion so bad it actually flipped the person up right
I love that whoever was filming zoomed in knowing what was about to happen. [NAME]
Thank you TC for getting us to 100!
being reminded of that blessed image now makes me hope they won't do the whole no bipod on your back thing rip my homie franku
Nope I’m not exposing my kinks to Reddit 😂
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me
It's definitely that
Because we feed the shitty ones so there is no incentive to put in effort
Oh. My. [NAME]. I can’t handle this
Weird way to type YYYY-MM-DD
See i hate [NAME] and got my ass kicked that game bc i couldnt use him so i was lime why me 😂
Nostalgia is the best high. You get to enjoy what you liked with several cool new perspectives.
">""fun"" is what you say when you can't give an objective reason something is good. -r/movies Filmé connoisseur"
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.
I hated that smug ass lawyer.
Death approaches! -[NAME] 2013 (I think)
[NAME]... Nice
[NAME] forced [NAME] to give it up, leading to a steal, and then gets a steal himself on the next play. Love his tenacity.
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.
Ah what a good start
Insipid shite so far. We look mid-table.
Sorry to hear that, I hope you're doing better now.
I'm fairly sure alpro have what you're looking for
I miss big daddy buff
One of the podcasts I listen to, pump talks, bought one from [NAME] for a girls birthday and apparently it was very sweet! 
Maybe I’m out of touch, but I see 22-14-6 and think that is typically a playoff caliber record.
[NAME] is one of my favorite non dodger players, he’d make a great addition to the dodgers, hope they push for him 
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!
I like your colour choices and I can feel your love of the city. Keep up the art! Sending you lots of love and healing.
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.
Yeah exactly man haha. Not just that core is bad but hc is always more fun imo
I love this guy. He does amazing impersonations. Thanks for sharing.
Capitalism coerces all of us into exchanging labor for money. Respect all hustles of non harmful types! 🙌🏻
I hope for his sake his name isn't on it. It would be much simpler legally if it isn't.
Well yeah, you've gotta paint it white yourselves
Translation: you should see her vagina! She can't fight you off! The double entendre is more than a bit unsavory.
It's like Guatemala, but instead of the US it's Mexico... disgusting 
What a loon
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.
I feel digestive regret just looking at them.
That is not a law. It's a freaking poem that someone decided to write.
This comment has been removed for breaking rule #8.
I wish that laugh would jump off
I'm 25 and I still don't have a license. I'm terrified of driving and get anxiety every time I'm behind the wheel.
That's awesome! Thanks for sharing the event!
[NAME] will be gone. Although I think end of the first is where he should go, he will go super early
Not sure why you are getting downvoted for this comment. I really dislikes the Facebook type posts on this sub.
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.
I am just saying that it makes no sense in Russian
[NAME] is nowhere close to the worst linebacker in the league.
Good for you! So awesome!
In such a situation, I would save the mother. Always.
Never seen somebody project so hard in my LIFE Also [NAME] @ them directly quoting lines from the article in the comments Gives me r/iamverysmart vibes
The diagonal photo is killing me. Why is it like that?
1 5v5 goal in 2 months is not good anyway you spin it. But pleasure being downvoted by you, enjoy believing in WAR 
FUCKING YES BEST PLAYER ON THE PITCH TODAY ABSOLUTE WARRIOR BOW DOWN TO THE BALON DOR WINNER TRULY WORTHY
Also [NAME] raised money because so many of his subscribers are dumb enough to confuse an Indian company with the country of India.
Yeah, It's just difficult to resist the lure of the dark side.
At least she had a great experience
Huh, I was just wondering if something like this existed. I'm working in food manafacturing an this would be epic.
It was very good! Not a musical fan but it was pretty entertaining.
Ooooooo that burns!!! 🔥🔥 🤣 This is amazing.
Haha colluded? Do you and your friends collude to take pictures together? Such buzzwords you are using lol
True dat. I’m an AFC guy, but I’m even more an AFC West guy. Send the [NAME] home, Chefs!
No spelling and grammar errors. Oh my [NAME] better than the other repost.
I would like that.
Orisa will actually fair better than most if the orisa has good fortify usage. Mainly decreases effectiveness for dva and rein.
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or
Dude you need some help...
Too bad we couldn't elect a good leader in 2016...instead we got a bum. Oh well, [NAME] is finished. [NAME] 2020 
So it may be occasionally a little more time, I heard their juice is A+ quality at a great price.
His interviews are so awkward
I have a bad feeling about this.
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll find a way and a time that works for you, you deserve to be yourself!
I love military films, this was good. My theater was clapping when each terrorist got killed lol
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run
Way to tongue punch that fart box. 👍
I hope Thier friends now
Wow that’s a fascinating belief
Generally, yes. That doesn’t make being attractive necessary criteria for being successful and it doesn’t detract from any of your positive qualities
I have insomnia too thanks for the recommendation, always on the look out for helpful podcasts and meditations 
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.
A new mattress if you can swing it. Company provided mattresses are typically pretty garbage.
Ace ventura is a fantastic film outside the extreme transphobia
Shotgun rack? LOL. I had a BB gun rack on my Schwinn in the 60s in Houston.
Wow... Hope you ok and good luck
Thank goodness for that!
No, it's not. If they grow in the wrong way then they can become extremely painful and cause discomfort. People usually like chewing freely
Mate, you're proving my point.
Thanks!
[NAME]* I'm not mad, just dissapointed.
If it's anything like what happened in France, I'd assume because it disproportionately affects the poor. 
Don’t ever apologize for calling it that. The Beach is a [NAME] movie, not a Toronto neighbourhood. 
Valium/Diazepam is much much more enjoyable than Alprazolam/Xanax IMO. I love the muscle relaxation. It feels so good, combined with an opiate, 
That says to me that he believes you are the issue, not his mother.
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. 
I find it funny the same people obsessed with “owning the libs” call others “intellectually bankrupt”
Thanks! Oddly enough, it's actually the first place that I ate at, when I was apartment hunting in New Haven several years back.
A little too nutty for me thx.
Oh yes the dreaded Sabres second period:(. I hope they win tonight.
Okay, enough me being a great mom.
You are a unique woman. Happy for you that you found someone who suits you so well.
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them
Looks like you've never been to Paris! The worst toilet in UK is cleaner than Paris.
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.
My bad, sorry. I kicked a pebble on top of that mountain.
"""It's not true!!! But I DETEST [NAME]!! Reddit help meeee!!!"""
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health
Thank you! It has its perks, but sometimes I do think to myself that I’m not where I belong haha
I'll miss the podcast
My all time favorite band!!! Now my son listens to them and [NAME]!
I didn't see anything in that comment referring to a cactus.
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!
I often send my female friends Love poems. Oh wait, no, no I don't, because that is super weird. 
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK
I love this drink.GIF
I’m so sorry for your loss. It’s the smallest things that take up the biggest part of our hearts.
Appreciate the love man!! It's a fun game!
Did you know that [NAME] got shot in the head while shooting AND HE KEPT ACTING
I can never refold the paper properly so kudos just for that!
Omg I did the same exact thing LOL
I think they were hoping he would be the [NAME], that didn't happen.
Weird how he doesn't have to say the word review in order to spend the entire article reviewing
How is anyone so stupid to not vaccinate their child?
Not a chance on this
Well that just sounds delightful. Where was the exchange?
It’s still not working unfortunately :(, you have a link to your YT?
this study is bull but only cos my waist is just 2 inches larger than my head and im still dumb as hell
Just wanna say I love you and hope the flight and everything thing else goes well👌👌.
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.
This is actually a really good idea
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.
Voting for someone to tax you to death makes no sense
That’s what I’ve been doing lol but it’s one of my favorite maps and blood isn’t up to snuff with it
That seems real terrible, does that actually work? Negs should usually be playful at worst. 
That’s so cool! I can’t wait to see when it’s finished!
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.
For her? Nah
I felt my heart drop. [NAME].
Oh well, you can thank all the illegals coming into America illegally for that one. 
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo
Don’t think there is a single person that thinks he overreacted there
Sad part is there’s Flames fans that think this is true
Trolls are not even trying anymore. Im offended by this half arsed attempt to get a rise out of me..
...says the opioid addicted narcissist with multiple untreated physical and psychological ailments and is completely unable to work with anyone but his own clone.
Grammar guy, sorry, but vicarious doesn't work like that. Did you mean various? 
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.
Wow....while I think I knew this already, I can't quite picture it. I'ma have to go rewatch those scenes. 
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.
I mean, to be fair... She did say sorry. /s
You're a big man
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...
Ahaha alright. Im done. Peace man good luck with everything :)
The Tommy Gun as a crate weapon! Just the worst feeling.
Wow, for some reason this made me really uncomfortable
hmm... we don't need [NAME] now, we need ball retention
Those are female toes. Busted!
Nice try my guy.
Is it though? All the highschoolers I knew were too broke to be using juuls. Everyone had a suorin and the only ones with juuls were drug dealers.
If I wasn't destitute I would give you gold. I humbly offer my upvote.
And then everyone clapped and cheered.
Weird flex but ok
Clear disregard for the Turf Protection Act:
This guy died on the inside lol
Doesn’t frustrate me at all. He’s not worth the asking price. Plain and simple.
I just want the last couple [NAME] nerfs rolled back, she's still good but not as fun. 
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]
That awkward moment when you fully embrace misogyny but believe homophobia is wrong.
Damn it, karen
Yeah I’d love a before and after!
It's always been Marfeles. Was 30 years ago when I first visited.
Rename yours to Fuck and let alphabetical order take care of the rest.
Saw them at a free concert on my campus in 2012. They were good.
Bahaha I love that
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)
We really need to go on some sort of winning streak
Burkina Faso is 1,000 miles of the Sahara away from Libya. Also, congratulations on embracing the sunk cost fallacy so completely.
[NAME] can stuff it, but I’ll take the disengagement from the Administration for what it is.
I thought I couldn't get more depressed about last game, but.....
you can't damage anything other than on foot players right now, no turrets, no vehicles, no objectives, it has been bugged since the december update
it's kinda cute
I remember a countdown for when the [NAME] twins turned 18 too. Thought it was pretty gross.
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.
Good. The US is behaving shamefully, the least Canada can do is to try and pick up a little of the slack. 
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.
Damn that coyote was a fucking noob.
Nobody will ever dethrone nurses and teachers, but hotel employees are quietly becoming some of the weirdest people in my Tinder matches.
Well this is inappropriate
[NAME], we have a guy with a bucket on his head and you have pornstars. I’m glad I live on this side of the Atlantic 
I keep giggling cause I’m imagining them fitting together like a puzzle...
Talking about scary foreign people spreading disease is a classic xenophobic trope. Vile.
Sorry, I was misinformed. My apologies, brother in [NAME].
You know he humps the hell out of that thing right? Like probably right in [NAME] mouth!
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.
No compromise, the Democrats are finally showing some goddamn backbone. 
Not really sweaty palms, but holy hell that's uncomfortable as all hell...
I wanna see [NAME] too at the ASG too!! He gotta show that [NAME] Magic with [NAME] as teammate
We can work on both. Ignore centrists who want to pretend that we have to choose.
Lol love that [NAME] and [NAME] are both [NAME]. And [NAME] as [NAME] is best choice. Should have brought puddy in though. Hah
I agree. I’d rather spend $500 a ticket to go to MetLife and watch it on the big screen with 75,000 other Jets fans.
Nobody likes you
This is the worst advice I've ever read. You should be ashamed for posting it.
I never thought it was at the same moment, but sometimes after [NAME] sacrifice... sounds logical
I had a friend who got cussed out hardcore because his last name was [NAME] “koons”...and that was his exact response lol
believe me, it almost did for me. if i was a woman my panties would have dropped instantly. lol
Thanks for sharing! I loved [NAME] interview too haha. Looking forward to his on-court reunion with [NAME].
Glad to share knowledge and you’re welcome. > father for [RELIGION] Didn’t understand this statement of yours!?
lol, Cause everyone knows that you lean on the Bow. What bow skin is that?
Lifesite “News” doxxed him. That website is just pure hatred distilled, it’s disgusting.
Thank you anyway! I’m 30 and I don’t get a lot of these things.
Then enjoy it for as long as it's fun. When it stops being fun, go find somebody else.
Hilarious video, thank you for making us smile :)
Thanks man I appreciate that! I just feel like I'm in a tailspin of not being good enough and idk how to get out of it
> I didn't know that. That's a perfect solution. Thank you!!
haha good one friend real neato joke!!!!
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t 
Sell all bch for bitcoin and hope for a bull run. Best decision you probably will make in your life.
No, it's a back massage at best. At worst it can give you a stroke and kill you.
Thanks, this means a lot! I will do don't worry :)
This is terrible
Excellent! I hope that EU countries will issue statements of support themselves too, soon. Prime opportunity to really piss into Russias breakfast for once.
Indeed yet I still gotta watch my dependency & tolerance. I stay disciplined and just keep moving forward.
Ok. Thanks
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!
and everyone else is worried about themselves not paying attention to you
Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
Man a 29 year old broner can't beat a 40 year old pressure fighter, broner sucks 
Such pretty kitties!
>If you were to confiscate $900 billion of [NAME] assets, lmao
that was clearly only one pump, bad call
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.
Appreciate the update, hope this one is the right one though ! 
Exactly what I came here to write lol
Good luck with ur sales. Get an ig page going and backpack off thugpug hashtags. Be a lot easier then on here.
I'm gonna say that I hate Randazzo's because of their terrible icing. Haydel's is decent and ships.
True but stranger things have happened.
What a buttnoodle. Glad that “their” cat has a new family and that takes care of them. Thanks for sharing!
Lol they’re in for a big surprise.. does anyone know how TIMs will actually age?
The leaders are quite ignorant, and so are the rural areas, but the urban areas are filled with intelligent people
Oh thank [NAME] another commercial break. I was missing all these repeated, terrible ads
She got the death penalty...? fck me.
My goodness. Your such a fucking manchild.
> I refuse to believe facts
what are you scared of!
Yup, lost a whole train station inside of their houses. Great loss 
No friends anymore, but had a guy get jealous at another guy flirting with me.
It should go well with kratom anyway. I need to just eliminate anxiety and not have cravings
This isn't uplifting. This is *enraging*. This is what the government should be doing not nine-year-old fucking children.
Omg like I get so moody when I'm hungry lol im so bipolar Yyyeeaaahhhh...
 And not all children's hospitals need the same stuff, so call and ask what they need. But I like your tip. You're correct. 
Yeah I would regularly find Steelers Fans. Dunno if that demographics been changed. Oh yeah we have a lot of Cowboy fans too.
Exactly! How dare we give those people shade!
It's pretty clear if you understand basic math.
And then they clapped and gave you $100, I'm sure
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad
True , when this song started playing, I got my first “ Gone Fishing” signature. Loved that game. Thanks for sharing.
Well then I feel sorry for men for being such incontrolable sexual beasts I guess. My original answer was sincere, I can't speak for others though.
Saame god I try to picture myself as a more attractive version of myself if that makes sense but it's all just fantasy :(.
80 minutes too late
Sorry for your loss mate
Lol the guy in white who just leans back and looks away when he gets [NAME] ass in his face
Thank you, have never been to a church and couldn’t have know it is called a pew.
that is not a life PRO tip, that is a life ROOKIE tip
awful vehicle physics that cause you to instantly die when hitting small bumps and certain angles! WHY!
Lmao god damn
Nah I didn’t get scammed but my money is sitting in the Dream Market escrow doohickey. Whatever that means! Haha!
Creepiest building in Chicago. I couldn’t even imagine the number of gunshot victims that have gone theough those doors and came out in a body bag.
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)
You’re an awful troll...
[NAME] cares like a father incredible
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.
How poignant.
Sometimes life actually hands you lemons. We're just lucky that we have a proverbial phrase that gives us an idea of what we can do with them.
Oh but that was like a positive love story. It didn’t really showcase all the problems with online dating.
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though
Velvet Taco, and it is amazing.
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.
I think there is something odd about it too... We will probably get the truth it the not to distant future, but no one will care. 
They will be once enough young progressives have replaced the older centrists :) Welcome to the new Democratic Party!
That is great insight. Once mom is against you, you’re done. 
The social cohesion after brexit is going to be super cool too, everyone with flags on the windows.
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.
lol, I thought he might have been heading towards that direction with that too.
"Very tired us can attendant: ""here are your vagina slimes."" ... thankfully the customer just laughed kt off."
volunteer as tribute first, we need an example that we can follow :)
"You know when I typed ""legal tender"" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."
I'm nauseous
The best part about this is that everyone was trolled from Fox to the Mary Shitbag
🤣that is so cool
Shame Saints aren't even going to get a LBP out of this game, feels like that's the minimum deserved
Even with their new location around the corner, they are still incredibly awful. By far the worst [NAME]. 
I wish my mom was like you. Moms like her make us feel like our whole life has just been an identity crisis.
Damn. And loosing all Progress on the first Char ?
Oh no I didn’t see that episode!? She pooped in the car?!
you are my inspiration, read my last post quickly!
Thanks? Lol. Pairing [NAME] or [NAME] with [NAME], defensively, though? Yikes, to say the least.
You would know if you weren't such a Filthy Ricefield Peasant.
Congratulations on the low quality come back. Hopefully one day you can go to therapy to work on your resentment to bartenders. ❤️
So unsurprised by this, one of the most hated people in the music world. 
Glad we got that criminal off the streets! No-good [NAME]. Tsk tsk
i don't really feel comfortable posting there. i dont really have much reason to
It goes a long way to explaining American mental health issues. Have you ever bothered to read anything?
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!
Imagine the baby being retarded
That awkward moment when people who passionately hate [NAME] inadvertently portray him as a hero.
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. 
woke take I appreciate you speaking the truth
"Except for ""fighting liberalism"". Happy cake day."
OK man I am relatively new so I know what worked for me and I based off of much of the advice I got, partially from this reddit lol
Lol ratheists suck fedoras!
im driving and i cant stop screaming i need to talk to someone in sorry
Too bad they lost.
Thing is, some fans will *never* be happy. There is nothing that can be done to please them. That's the problem.
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls. 
Just another example of why corporate business structures are inherently unethical and are a plague upon all work environments.
My coffee burned its way through my nostrils. Thank you!
From my point of view the freefolk are evil
LOL at the tldr. What a crazy story. I'm glad the writer got some friendly new relatives out of it.
I friggin choked scrolling up to this
I almost pissed myself waiting so long in the tunnel. Not a fun feeling
sorry fam, but this is a repost on this sub as well.
This is so powerful.
People need to stop excusing bad behavior
This team needs to tighten up in the third. Absolutely brutal.
You're an odd fellow, [NAME], but you steam a good ham.
This is awesome! Saw you on r/entwives and pmd you btw! Congrats!
And they are right. [NAME] ([NAME]) even shot the ball and missed after [NAME] made shot
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂
I also thought he was a she at first. Lol
You again? I already told you this isn't the right place for this.
That’s fair, I disagree with you, but I’m not here to change your mind. Was just curious. 
[NAME] doesn't even look that big here. But he's still handsome.
Lol you got nothing to worry bout from me bro. Thanks for keeping the game on
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious
That’s cute wth
Yeah, when I saw she was in LA, I really hope that. Oh please, be true.
Lived this, it didn’t workout for me. Good luck on that one, I’d never do it again.
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him
This was a beautiful moment for the FT coming together
Last time I tried to post, my post was deleted because I didn't have enough karma, wasn't even that long ago...
Hi Disappointed, I’m Dad!
I agree but I can’t force him.
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. 
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.
LOL. Super cute!
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.
Thank you! Happy New Year, hopefully it's a good one
"I am glad I found this subreddit ""gatekepping"" is a phenomenon vocab btw."
Unless you have an established career and are a high earner then sorry but you _are_ the shared housing type.
I'm so stupid, I can do this. On accident. so not very well.
The reason I play quickmatch. I wont feel the shame..
You’re in Iceland, a particularly craggy rock would be pretty interesting to you. 
>Any [NAME] who is married will skip her Well just for fun let's talk for a moment. Going to send you a PM.
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.
I’ve been on team [NAME] since he won the axe toss competition after the draft, lol
Everyone upvote this - gotta spread the good news!!!
Mental health issues get such a bad rap as it is. I appreciate this comment a lot.
What the fuck? Really? That’s horrible. That’s probably illegal. If it isn’t, it should be.
Haha yeah. But still very nice of Ben I hope that the people who got it will use it 24/7
I mean New Orleans is really fun even with little to no drinking. I wouldn't want to live anywhere else.
And I though Glory Kills were gruesome
I think the flairs get removed if a team hasn't been to a major in a certain amount of time. Don't quote me on that though.
You can't be serious.
Take them out of his care and into the care of someone who can watch them until you are able to protect them yourself.
Why would the landlord pay it if electric isnt included. Sorry to OP, need to cut the heat down
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.
So we are really going to miss the playoffs in the same season as the 10 game win streak... THEY ARE WHO WE THOUGHT THEY WERE !
Have a good good upvote!
Sometimes people that are around each other a lot just get to be friends. Sometimes people ignore that their friends are actually terrible people.
That’s true, thank you
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)
Should have just looked at them in disbelief and said what you don't make the police that have to work Christmas day a nice lunch. Lol
I just hope the Cavs don’t get the 1st pick fuck them
That’s cheating, gotta make a decision 
Agree! 60 new shoppers in Columbus I think is why. I removed Chillicothe and all those once but they came back. I am not going there!
I'm not commenting on their chemistry or whatever, just that the age gaps are similar and it's ok to point that out either way.
You’ve done us a good service
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.
We should sign him to a 4.5AAV contract now that he has already proved himself as an elite starter in the NHL.
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking
The hair is super cool though
Glad you got her back! Fantastic way to start off the new year with good news!
In fact I plan to start using them in my videos since I plan to make this year feel like 2009.
I for one appreciate having the DD and Cat erotica in the same place.
Chernobyl incident has scared everyone to death about nuclear, I'm curious where we would be if that never occurred.
"Thank you. I will try to learn fron these. So far i only have read ""models"" and some advices on net."
I'm so sorry
Some people might be into that. There are some freaky people out there.
thank you very much, i do not care for it one bit
I like they think that it’s bad that we are thinking about the fucking POTUS. It’s almost like his actions effect us all
AYY! Anti-Semitism! Didn't expect that from AnCaps, but I'm not surprised.
I'm going to Chicago in a few months. I hear Sbarro's is great for authentic Chicago style pizza.
hey thank you! any time I can help someone, I'm more than happy to:)
Gorgeous cats, poor babies
I too think serfdom is good
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:
Fool me once, shame on you...
That’s unfortunate
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots
Don’t feel bad for playing Minecraft, it’s still a great game and is starting to get kinda popular again.
R/T DIDN'T WANT IT!!!!
Great deal! It will be my loss if I decline.
Kindly shut your pie hole.
At this point, it’s certain that GA isn’t happening. 
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.
> Do you think Amazon reviews are don't mean anything? Yes because they are very easy to game.
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.
[NAME] with the beautiful backtap
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch
Zero percent. I sit when I piss cause I'm not an animal and I like to keep my bathroom clean.
Can't clear anyone of something that never happen or that they never did.
Alway protect yourself
Our draft choices are horrible anyway, it doesn't matter where we pick.
Oops. I assumed, wrongly, that it was the same person.
Sounds like a fun game. Our home game around here is .05/.10. Its fun but not very exciting.
She’s still living rent free inside your head if you’re looking her up Edit: thanks for the gold kind redditor tehehehehehehe 🤪🤩🤠
Oh for fuck’s sake.
Getting upset and triggered over a hat is absolutely failed moral character, and a sign of deep immaturity. 
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭
You'd better get to work then! See you in 10 years!
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.
The attempt was successful. He's crying and not talking to them because they're actually dead.
Aww that makes me happy!
Man'. The point became invalid once the school yard name calling came out. And, 'this year'. It's only January.
Got the same pops! [NAME] a lot :) too bad I can barely play him, wish there was a Hwoarang pop
Haaaaa this was just on OZ the other night. Thanks.
You really think the Senate and then [NAME] will sign this lmao?
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.
So why wouldn’t the white Sox just offer an extra $20 million
Congratulations and by the way, you’re not fat, you are down to earth.
wrong place thats hilarious
Maybe, just this time, it's for the better.
Damn youtube and outrage drama is super lucrative for reddit
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now
Most people don't know the first thing about [NAME], so unsurprising.
They are always a fun time.
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.
Yes I’m in a 2 bedroom now with a lot more space and yes they live in Virginia but they live in the Hampton roads area
Yup, it may not look like much but it’s still statistically significant. That’s really bad for something being decided by a coin toss.
I bet you this will lead to a new Revolution. [NAME] keeps on screwing himself.
[NAME] is a socialist I believe. He also seems like a lovely person.
LPT: As soon as you wake up make a repost, your virtual internet points will make you feel better.
This reply made me giggle. Sorry you got hit by a moron! Hope your car is repairable!
It's probably because your posts are extremely dumb and bigoted
I drive an old car but it is clean and well maintained.
[NAME] insists it went off the glass, i trust him!
Not really, every other post is summit doing something. Gets boring. 
Smh people aren’t seeing the real issue though. That’s the woman’s bathroom. ‍♂️
Idiots gonna idiot.
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]
Is it wrong that I've been really disappointed that I haven't gotten to try out my new snowblower? :-/
Um, I was agreeing the context was indeed *very* different. Not sure what you're getting at. 
Funny a lot of rich kids think 100k a year is very feasible.
You shot well. UVA's defense wasn't that bad that game in all honesty. People underestimate the amount of luck involved in basketball, bottom line. 
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.
Damn it!
That’s something I hadn’t considered. I’ll do just that. Thank you!
Lmao this is hilarious not cringe
Stuff like this is why I subscribed in the first place.
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.
I hate that myself
You clearly don't understand alimony.
Lmao what an end to a quarter
I personally resent the RCA's centralization of conversion authority within the orthodox world. That's what I meant. Unrelated, I love your flair.
It isn't only a representation of the economy, but how poor most people's financial sense and budgeting skills are.
Her attempts to be “edgy” fall flat are incredibly cringeworthy.
I was skeptical about it being huge but damn..
Thanks man!
It makes customers uncomfortable because we're calling them on their BS and this is the only way to get them to own up to it.
Cheers to you on your cake day.
One time my 1 stopped right in 91st, I was able to get a good photo of the platform since they have some lights along it.
That was such awful bandaid application. Like what the fuck.
Why “cover the name” if you can literally see it right after lol
Gotta offload this crap somehow.
[NAME] damn it
You guys look so amazing, even the pipe is making a jealous look... or maybe i'm just going blind from the cuteness.
Only when they have dirt underneath them, now that’s disgusting.
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.
Wow!! very funny
My exam is over and my winter break starts now 🎉🎉💃 I've been waiting for this omg
Ha, ha your mad!
Considering that cheating is a mark of high-status, I'd be surprised if the wife dumped a cheating husband.
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine
Awesome, glad you like it. I need to get one this week now.
I apologize for doubting you.
You're so talented OP. I like your sense of humor. But it hurts too cuz too real :(
Can we ban this person? Post history is sketch. Thanks in advance!
I had a panic attack when I saw that, thinking that I slept for 3 years and Hall was a Duck.
Then go fucking cry you weak minded piece of shit.
Yeah, I'd definitely say you won this argument. Plenty of people love taking it up the bum and down the throat. Source. Am slut.
Thank you! We feel hard. We just don’t express it the same way feelers or maybe just most people recognize.
Glad to hear it. You deserve your best life without that abuse and negativity.
ummmm Wulp I personally love a feminine man. I prefer it, ‘manly men’ are gross and stupid 
What's worse is getting in a car that isn't yours
Love it yeet
Not my sub not my problem
You mean 4 of 5 dates for you already this month. Wow - do tell!
I’m sorry. Happy Birthday! I care ❤️
I love Ashtray
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL!!
That is extremely uncomfortable to look at.
I will check him out thank you :)
It is hard to make up the new relevant points at times.... Revolution they say
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to
Apologies. My point still stands. A .8% lead is an insignificant majority at best. Saying one demograohic is most of the population is a bit misleading
Me too. Sweet!
Modern buildings are horrible.. I’ve felt like this before. Stars and birds still fill me with a sense of wonder most often.
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.
Yes!! THANK YOU. I’m happy the point of this story was not lost among all.
> the heartbreak of a nice older truck being ruined Lol, the truck was new when this video was made.
Racism. They're talking about racism. The hate is the new KKK sheet.
Hitachi Magic Wand Thank me later.
Thank you. I’ve been feeling a bit better since they make people happier.
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.
If I ever feel like getting shot... I am going to use this line. Thanks!
"That ""Hard work"" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"
That was your saddest shortest story yet
why the fuck is this getting downvoted
This is so tough for all of you! I'm so sorry!. Are you in Canada? I would push hard for a pediatric gastroenterologist.
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did
This post is bad because the only good phone is the Palm Pre 3 running webOS
Omg congratz for you guys!!!!! That is amazing news :) good luck with twins.
Of course! Happy cake day 🎂🎉
Oligarch-sponsored? [NAME], stop throwing buzz words at ideas you don't agree with. Read a book.
This is such a good game so far from literally all of BIG. THIS IS THE FUTURE BOYS!
“Enjoy your dinner”
I agree. This is the real reason why I hate wearing pretty clothes and makeup. It's like putting lipstick on a pig.
I didn't see it the first time and appreciate the repost.
They really aren’t people. They were slavers. Civilized people should have only one answer to that sort of behaviour: violence and death.
"you said that he said ""women shouldn't be allowed in the workplace"" which is dishonest and false"
I wanna see a video proving it's fake though
Woo! New sci fi! Thanks!
I don’t think this fits the sub
The only time this movie should encourage blindfolds is when watching it. Then hopefully you won’t witness the giant plot holes and terrible ending.
It's the wisdom of the fool.
If we draft another late round QB this year I’ll probably have an aneurysm
This is the most majestic effortless mullet I have ever seen. The blending, the way his wavy locks lay. This is incredible. 
That’s pretty damn good
Not defending [NAME] at all but this is just super sad if it’s true...
I wish I could cry...
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.
Lol I get it
both are bad tho anarchy ftw
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off
I’m just shitposting dude. In the spirit of the thread “I was bored”
So prison isn't enough? You want him raped? That's disgusting.
Fuck that guy for game 2
I think this is very relevant, u/lilhan2
You are megalophobic, my friend. Welcome to the club.
Talk about a fucking hot take. Quality shit posting from [NAME] (not you [NAME]).
Lol same actually
Probably not making good pass decisions.
It will hurt, try to take your mind off things, and try to understand why it hurts
That thigh gap not cute at all
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.
I had someone do that to me on a delivery only order I was really upset it's another deceiving thing that we have to deal with on here
This is the most unathletic thing I've seen in a while.
Your driving makes me sick [NAME]
that's horrifying
My cat still loves me after I tripped over them in the dark on my way to the bathroom how are animals so amazing
No he's overrated
But this is a 1v1 game with a couple thousand people playing right. There had to be a better match.
Let people worship if they want to. It’s time for us to move forward and focus on bettering our own lives
I’d be interested in reading more about this if you have a good place for me to do so. Thanks.
I already know [NAME] sucks... He will be gone in 2 years but the shitty press that you support being like [NAME] will still be here. Congrats on supporting propaganda
She reminds me of my crazy sister. Just a ball of nervousness and constantly just on the verge of crying.
Yeah, guess I'm old fashioned and don't downvote people clearly expressing a personal opinion. No matter.
[NAME] better be careful. He'll be next.
Very nice.
Wha? I’m so confused. I’m so sorry this happened because it wasn’t remotely warranted.
yiss they buffed [NAME], my favorite talent <3
Omg! Sounds like [NAME] was right about calling [NAME] a weirdo! That is so so odd!
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.
Magic are a good team. They battle every game
He is a douche, but I love that douche!
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”
Can attest. Vitamin deficiency here. Certain vitamins help alleviate bags under my well-rested eyes.
the last 2 are mocking the first you dumb asses
For me it’s the complete opposite. Complete dread in the morning and usually more hopeful in the evening.
Dude! Coyotes are no joke. Good job, [NAME]. 
we just don’t match amazon at all to avoid this sort of thing.
Fuck the rangers
I already called the county I got married in trying to find out about it but they had nothing on either of us about a divorce.. Im so anxious.
This could be an amazing metaphor for super smart AI’s. We’re the egg.
You deserve the same love. Those things are still true with you. You deserve love too.
This is fantastic and I'm happy for her!
30% of the country are insane.
Ok bud. I guess I havent been living my entire life with asthma and have 0 idea about this.
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!
I’m worried about [NAME] too
"She loves to scream ""[NAME]"" during anal."
[NAME] is my fav skater of all time he's sick
Have some humility
Yeah take a read
[NAME] would've had to get lucky on that one. Can't give up that opportunity.
Oceania is my favorite Smashing Pumpkins album
Imagine being scared of a black bear
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.
It's prevalent in everything. WoW was incredible when it came out *because* everyone was garbage.
That guy is being intentionally obtuse. Down vote trolls are a waste of everyone's time.
The visual change is an underrated buff. The few times you could juke a legion as survivor were likely due to his blur that just got lessened.
That got rid of an unwanted boner real quick
Apologies, I take it all back as I’ve just seen his latest effort
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda
Ofcourse. If you can debunk our arguments and stuff,, well you win. Have a nice day too
I really hope that this guy becomes the next u/back2worksoon on Meme Monday
Dude was okay?! Oh thank god, i figured at best paralyzed from the waist down
Thanks. Wish he liked me
i get the joke and still think this sucks.
Typical Lebronsexual garbage channel. Don't watch video.
So how depressing is it that I know that's not true? You still gotta pay for a cold delivery.
I'm sorry.
Oh no! More non-existent performance issues to complain about!! Can't wait to be playing it while all these self-righteous gamers take their noble stands...
Welcome back you two lol
Calm down [NAME].
DuDE -- I aLMOst HAd yoU!!
This is a terrible idea
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier
[NAME] voice acting in this is just brilliant.
Don't be an asshole
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up
I'm fucking starving here.
Again nothing, you are the one obsessing over that term, he literally says he puts girls on a pedestal. 
The impact of his head hitting the court looked so bad. I hope he'll recover from this.
That’s kind of cool! You made a friend at the store. I usually make people want to leave.
Theres a BIG difference between being against ones (hateful) political position and between harassing someone for his ethnicity.
Its one thing to LOSE a debate, its another to be disqualified for wrong think. 
This makes me wanna die
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!
Looks f*cking delicious
That one pesky drop of water was in it for the long haul.
yeah (my bad I should've mentioned this)
bless his heart
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.
Come back here and fight me m8
In the least condescending way possible I think you have some gross misconceptions and I'd like to clear them up.
nice try, [NAME]
This is super duper nasty
😅 sorry. Lol
Please don’t do that. You can do better
it's simple, it's stupid, and I can't stop laughing. 10/10
Mad stinky.
Yes I was feeling bad that hes friends left him
Yeah but you’ve already told one side that you’re playing both sides
Extend the compassion; go vegan.
Venetian Snares x [NAME]. Amazing
I regret not grabbing my work laptop today, then I wouldn't have to leave fort blanket until Thursday. 
Many people are saying this is true. Great story.
Ha ha manu plays shit football amirite guys
Next headline April comes around: sorry there is hold up and we won't be ready until early July.
An entire family gone within minutes... how absolutely heartbreaking.
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me
Nah, reviewable offsides is pretty bad
39/43, turns out I need to follow the academy team a little more...
That's even worse honestly
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.
Thank you, that makes me feel better :)
You are my beer god thank you haha
I see, good one.
Well you got me. Interested in seeing what other E rides people got
just looked at her instagram and in a video from 3 days ago she does look pretty skinny. skinnier than me and I'm bmi 18.9.
Not everyone agrees that he was actually an amazing strategist or a great general, actually.
No more [NAME] from Georgia. Suck it you old, ugly hag.
I'm asking if you didn't realize orthodoxy considers not Orthodox movements to be wrong. I'm asking if you didn't realize what the implications are
what a dumb moment of faux outrage. can't wait to see what contrived outrage someone thinks up next.
He s ugly and short. It's pretty clear.
At least it’s not anything worse, and that you are still close to that person :)
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.
Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕
Oh, the boat was already on its way out lol
Thank you. Very very much
Something's wrong. The top post on r/conspiracy isn't completely anti-conspiracy? Wow, feels weird. /s(?)
maybe dont do any drugs lol
Damn straight. It’s a new year, and our troubles are just opportunities for future success!
Picturing you sneezing and banging your head made me laugh so hard! THAT'S WHAT YOU GET! Now, pipe down.
What a load of crap !!
ehhhh I don't think so. iirc [NAME] was responsible for that Russian embargo and he's the reason why AKs are so expensive now.
It positively reeks of an abusive household
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...
Enjoy friend.
In case anyone is questioning...the title is sarcastic.
[NAME] what an asshole.
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️
[NAME] can’t you see, you’re being way too loud for me
I know, that's why I said one of the reasons. The main reason is his uselessness when your team is bad
Not all atheists do this, but some do and it's a genuinely strange phenomenon.
Is that Riverside, CA? That’s where I’m from! Sadly I was barely a teen in 1993-first time I saw them was Dec. 1996
Oh so you're being a troll, good to know.. I actually thought for a second that disgusting, freak couples like y'all actually existed
"Yea, so you need to leave him. Clearly not great in the ""protect your loved ones"" situation. "
It’s all about the tech my friend. The person who knows how to control the modem has the power.
He was trying to move the gun away so that it wouldn't hurt anyone!!!!.
This is really cute
These are worse than the [NAME] ones [NAME]
Your just killing time now.
In other words, being a woman but not identifying with your oppression. How special
The new movie doesnt even look very good honestly
That's a lovely thought, really awesome of you. Don't know personally but you could try contacting the Seoul International Women's Association (SIWA).
Oh man you sure showed me, good job champ
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)
That's not what he meant. He means the use of a lot of different hashtags.
Definitely not Fox News though! That’s the real stuff, zero lies or bias there!
I'm infinitely more interested in why the Physique one has an extra like
And it is always because of a dropped combo that should have killed
Good luck! Hockey season still has a few months to go. Might wanna invest in a punching bag. Two birds with one stone
I am just a guy who went to a normal school and I understood every single word
I just dropped out of my science class without being at school, hot damn
Nice. Me too. I'm 2002. You?
[NAME]... Cur from Kindred says hi. (Order). Y'all remember JTT? Best guild ever.
Lol I love this flair
*I curse you to an eternity of walking barefoot on a world of Lego!*
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.
The fuck?! You're in the wrong subreddit with this regressive bullshit victim blaming.
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)
Can confirm, girl asked my out on a second date and my comfort levels and confidence sky rocketed
Feminists body-shaming and objectifying men
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater
How embarrassing.
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub
Some bioshock shit right here.
There kinda funny
Did you even venture to scroll through the nearly 2h long video linked in this thread? Not hard to find....seems like you are just avoiding it.
They're all bad enough to be lumped in to the same category? You either have very high standards, or none at all.
Nothing good can come from knowing. Just let it go and focus on the relationship in front of you
I’m thinking so, since the sides are spiky and somewhat serrated.
LHW is such a barren shithole that I’d be more excited for this than anyone at 205 getting a shot
Huge shout out to [NAME], wherever he might be, for always fighting the good fight!!!!
Fuck your shitty ass title
I am still confused a bit lol
Don’t explain how you’re feeling to her either. Women like men who’s feelings are unclear.
You’re a stud 🙌🏻
"Glad I could help. (Side tip: hit return twice to break out of the "">>"")"
That looks so delicious! What are the beans?
I know I haven't been myself lately but listen! I can do better and I can change!
Ok, for the low price of $27.97 I will help you out.
I do not believe she has any secret information, but I still suspect she's in danger and her plan has backfired substantially.
It would do us ALL a great deal of good.
Agree with everything here. Going to med school abroad will always put you at a disadvantage if you want to practice in the states
Self serving cowards.
"""[NAME] remains being [NAME]"" is absolutely perfect."
Focus on yourself by focusing on your prayers and reminding [NAME]
I think sweaty is hilarious in the context of r/forwardsfromgrandma which is where I see it 90% of the time
The most hatful crowd is not the lefties. Lefties may be annoying but hate as such is a tool used by the right much more skillfully and forcefully.
You’re right. My biggest pet peeve is the lights, it washes out all the colors and textures, I hate that BGs use them
That's exactly what I would expect [NAME] parents to look like lol
"Yes, we'll see! On a separate note, when I read your user name at first glance I thought it was ""ItGetsThroughBoner""."
Dude it’s my dream to go to Australia on vacation
My organs love me. I wonder how emotionally damaged a person has to be to come up with these. It's weird and sad.
I joined a club and that's how I made friends. Try joining a club.
As an [NAME], half of [NAME] are unfortunately right
"Some do, others say ""Thanks""..."
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!
I’m so glad I have my own car
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.
This was beautiful!
He's not THAT bad on YouTube, but on Twitter... Let's just say that he's problematic
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach
I know the planes are bad, but come on man.
Wanting to have immigration controls is in no way, shape, or form racist. 
Religion is absolutely a problem. But to say the left doesn't have its own analogues is ridiculous.
I don’t want my tax dollars going to some psycho who thinks he’s a girl trapped in a mans body
This sounds very familiar...
Don't you fucken do it
General population are scared of press
Please try again; even [NAME] would make for a better ending.
that's a pretty cool box art. Shame the beetle's hand isn't actually wrapped around the stick though.
I don't like [NAME] she is not relevant to the series.
Ok. I can support that. Do it on btc chain. Good luck. Honestly, without hiiden motives, good luck. 
[NAME] is a guest speaker in one of my classes this semester. Can’t wait.
ooh a piece of candy
Congratulations, and Happy New Year! May it be as sexy and as prosperous as you could wish for. 
Love this man, take my updoot.
yuck no I'm waiting until marriage obvs
No they haven’t and that’s probably a lot of the problem
Lol I need details!?
No they shouldn't. Mental illness is a serious thing and we shouldn't encourage crazy people but instead help them
He was credited in commentaries as the inspiration for Cletus. I always loved the way he just wants that dog.
That should usually be the giveaway—though they now wear these ridiculous waist-high tights to hide the fact they don’t have workout bodies either.
This describes his tweets so perfectly lol >At no point during your incoherent rambling did you even come close to what could be considered a rational thought
ah thats my bad, she just finished the blog and im sharing it around, one sec and ill edit it. 
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.
Damn this guy just had a bad day!
What’s wrong with [NAME] lmao
Still better than YouTube rewind
Kill him the sinner
Megagrindr, and I love it.
I’ve always loved the art style of the author/illustrator as a kid, so I could see where you’re coming from.
She's fine but she's no [NAME].
I'm seeing similar on Android, chrome browser. Other than that, great stuff!
What do you mean strap around the bulls nuts?!,!? Sorry not into rodeo things 
What a crazy month that was, 15 months ago... Before it was resolved. 
That's what I tell myself, too.
"It seems there is strong agreement on all sides that ""Nothing changed"" now. Is that progress? /s"
Lol thats Why i lose my Games cuz i Play with bots like you. Do the World a favor and go back too minecraft Lol
Like always i will wait and see thanks for the post tho [NAME]
I'm glad :)
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.
Obviously not real but damn i wish it was.
You got this! Go easy on yourself man..
Ripped but not bulky is anything but unremarkable. So, attractive, talented, and rich. I can't imagine what women see in guys like that.
You can slice it anyway. If it has sugar or heavy sugar than tax it or go for specific categories like soda and candy etc.
What's he whining about, I am only 52 and stuck on SSI now and only getting 1400.00
The Babylon Bee article makes me worry for [NAME] comic tastes.
Had a whole grilled lamb at an Indian restaurant once for a corporate event. It was amazing
That looks like total garbage.
Lmfao. Omg I’m dead. Please do more of these somehow
I hate people using the [NAME] to look “deep” on instagram posts like that. It gets on my nerves so much
King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard and Beach House are my two favourite bands.
Fucking Real Madrid
All those statistics are nonsense. There has never been “true” capitalism.
Submit yourself to science to investigate this intriguing event.
Looks delicious.
When religion and flags get entwined, bad things happen.
Weed has never killed anyone. Until now.
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!
Ahaha, a Jersey driver calling other drivers awful... that's adorable.
felt like that shot by palms was our first in a while
Sure, but I don’t think those costs outweigh [NAME] getting caught in crossfire on Queen Street.
Been there, done that. Not the best idea unfortunately. Especially if it doesn't work. Gets awkward 
Yeah I was impressed with it too! I've to pay to see results of responses past the 100th one but other than that it's top notch
That's really sad and shocking to hear this Really embarrassed to be a human being on this earth...
I KILL YOU SCUM
Thanks for a different perspective, this made me feel better.
We need these people on our side; arguing with them may be both thankless and fruitless, but the argument must be put to them. 
So you are projecting to defend your hate. Nice psyche you have there enlightened one
cool cool...
I just HAD to tell at her parents and pass on my misinformation! 🙄
same but with panic at the disco
This might actually be one of the few cases where parallel poly will make sense, then ^^
I disagree. It's a couple of loud voices and some pretty blatant brigading from at least one of them.
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** CrimsonEagl3! ^(hug)
Thank you! [NAME] is a character that means a lot to me, and it makes me happy that you like my portrayal of her.
Great, another article from a guy who thought making [NAME] the head coach was the answer.
Man I really need to get back into this show
Thank [NAME] I don't have any friends
Awesome, thank you! 
I like [NAME] but she fucking sucks right now for the all star game haha.
A lot of people call that this is only one they made her sick
I wish it was only -25. -45 where i am.
thank god your not on the dev team
Well if you're moving to Dallas, it's basically the same thing as Oklahoma and California combined. You're totally safe there!
He starts mildly enough with a pucker... then when she *backs away* he opens his mouth and goes further. Seriously - what kind of idiot is that guy?
If you were to ask me how my 2016 went, I could go on and on but politics wouldn’t even come up once
Truly wretched.
Much better thanks hun !
I would be creeped out.
I am happy for you. No, seriously, I am.
I’m sorry. But, keep your respectability politics to yourself
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)
She’s probably very traditional. Why haven’t you tried to kiss her yet?
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?
When is that? There will always be supporters who don't support the players.
He appeals to the conversation. Basically doesn’t have a firm stance on anything of much importance and will flip flop based on his guest.
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.
Finally a whole season and 3 jornadas too late.
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog
For real we swept Tampa last season? EDIT: Wow we did, our playoff run against them was a different story 
Yes! I was lost without subtitles on Sons of Anarchy.
If it was low-fat mayonnaise, their response may have been justified. That stuff is horrendous.
Either way, it's at the very least not an ethical way to conduct business.
Uhhhh... didn’t y’all just eat the light lunch that you said you wanted on your preference sheets? Shut up.
The capitalist countries have welfare for those that can cope. The other countries dont.
Classic Leslie!
The 100,000 who died in the Tokyo bombing during WWII weren't killed by [NAME], it was just the passive spreading of fire. Fuck off, genocide apologist. 
Love this twitter account.
“Regain the fan base”. How immature do you have to be to believe that everyone agrees with you.
Bat Out of Hell is awesome start to finish, I'd love to see a musical based on it.
Seriously, check his food. It is upsetting his stomach.
Didn’t realize two different intros were so many. I’ll warm this community up to hip hop eventually ;) Appreciate the shoutout!
Yep, that's my daily commute.
The guy just loves drama
Looks like donkey foals are going for between $50-$100. That’s quite the herd.
Or they just don't understand why cats do that with kittens.
He looks like he has entered the ultimative stance of mind
Omg!! Its rainbow!!
No they aren't.
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.
Love the top logo although I’d gladly take the bottom one, the goat head, or a poop emoji any day over the buffaslug.
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.
> us common peasant imbecile [NAME]. At least you admit it.
I always admire a pinch of salt in anything. I can't upvote you enough sir.
I don't control the Lib Dems, shockingly.
Probably in the same way I find a little cellulite hot. Anyone up for starting a subreddit with boob veins? Lmao
Lol this was cosmetic. Thankfully both of mine are alive and well.
So happy for you, enjoy 
Of course [NAME] doesn't like competition for his religious fantasies. That surprises no one.
Science damn you!
I don't believe that there's any justification for an authoritarian government.
[NAME] was not aware that I had managed to diss the entire New Labour legacy in so few words but you read what you want to... hun?
Congrats keep going
There is nothing this Government could cut that wouldn't upset someone. Sorry, but weez broke.
The poor car.
Thanks. 22-23 is about when Chabad bochurim tend to do semichah. And it's officially always done before marriage.
See, this is what films lack nowadays, taking real risks with implications of [NAME] on Animal fart sex. Bravo [NAME]!
Except IQ has been scientifically proven to have positive correlation with a variety of favorable life outcomes.
Somebody has got to be a parent lol
I was really hoping this was real like
This is too cute :)
Seeing the past doesn't mean being in the past
Thank you for this! :)
Hi I'm an order of magnitude more awkward than you and I'm coming.
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.
Hey- that's where I play tennis! No slapshots, pls.
There's a sweet spot. Pathfinder Kingmaker has important lines voiced, and others are just text. It works great.
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips
I wanna hug my mom dead named me waking me up for school
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.
Love the new intro song.
The real villains are those aware of the cruelty of life, but then reproduce anyway.
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.
I dont believe you
Thanks, I actually just reached out to my counselor and said I'd like to switch to just myself.
Damn, good thing I got those experts to tell me that, I'd never have guessed!
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him
At least take a cloth and wipe off the dust. I've seen better condition stuff at the thrift store.
Pensacola Florida 2018 not enough words to describe it. Simply amazing.
Wow, Michelin star for $25. That's nuts. Thanks for the heads up. 
Omgg yes [NAME] precious
I personally am very proud to be a vegetable. Corn, to be exact. Corn pride y'all
And good riddance!
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far
Tbh I don’t hate either sport I just find them both silly. Especially soccer when Players fall intentionally to pretend to be hurt
I don't see any shoes on his feet after he lands. Kid is fucking dead.
Same, these are awesome!
I was about to reach out to mine - this situation is nearly the same and your post just saved me from a huge mistake! Thank you
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it
Eh my doctor isn't a GP. She knows her shit.
I dont know this one (new or yet another alt) I can't take people seriously when they have a hidden agenda for these questions
I'm a danger to myself
Happy cake day! :)
Wow.. You must be fun at parties
they're a bit expensive anyways
thats the future right there, robots trying to help but destroying your whole home in the process. 
He did great in dodgeball.
Damn straight! My folks only knew when I told them about it!
Someone please make a gif of [NAME] smile after that 3
Even if I did, no one would believe me....,
Happy little lies.
i hate furries
Disgusting performance. [NAME] appears clueless.
Please stop using that term.
That seems crazy that you can't hit higher frame rates. I can hit 80fps consistent with a 1080. Something weird is going on here.
Disgusting, but fascinating.
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again
They're not the brightest bunch.
Seeing happy people isn't motivating because it shows how easy it is and how I'm failing at something literally everyone else on the planet can do
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.
Ugh, I have 2 cats as well and I wish for this every single day. I am, so far, constantly disappointed.
It's absolutely 100% abuse, as others have said you need to get the hell away from him.
Yes applaud the atheist and slam your brothers in the apostolic faith, way to go. 
[NAME] ain't all that. Sorry.
Sorry, my phrasing was terrible. Not across the board, but eggs are definitely an example where OP was right.
I seriously don’t get how these refs allow everything to go in the first half, but the slightest touch is a foul in the second. 
thank you!
I think you're mistaken, muscle memory is rather strong it would simply be a reflex
why wont i just fucking die
I love it. This made me smile so much, which is a big change from [NAME] which made me cry and further increase my depression.
Your comments are nothing but rhetorical ways of telling me I'm wrong. Zero substance.
Weird headline. 2 children per mother would be expected to shrink the population.
Been with ethnic girls, blondes, brunettes, and a fake red head. No correlation. 
Didn't even know it was my cake day lol. Only lasted 5 to 10 minites, wasn't too bad 
The amount of empty seats at the Orange Bowl was pretty bad
My favorite gusgasm
this is why I love reddit
> it. Just because they're not vertebrates doesn't mean we get to kill them for amusement. It literally does though
Seeing as how someone was raping her, it doesn't surprise me that much that the facility would be so negligent that they wouldn't notice the pregnancy.
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.
They spam that stuff because its working. Make them stop it .. and punish them.
They won’t. They’re just going to ignore it because fortnite makes them money.
"Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the ""both sides"" argument. "
good guy win
one of them shotting 22lr if I recall? Heck most the worst used a pistol ether exclusively or with a shotty too
You okay?
He’d definitely get dropped at some point and then all hell will break loose
I miss [NAME]
Thank you for the support! Hope to see you in the chat!
Actually, if anything, my dad always comments about how honest and straight forward my generation is compared to his generation.
There are two other choices as well, each of them slightly better than the two terrible choices.
***Y'our*** so funny.
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness 
): hope the goose is okay ):!
i truly believe compulsive, chronic cheaters are sociopaths. no empathy, compassion, and they're impulsive and manipulative
Downside of city based police. State level policing is where it's at. Problem on the Gold Coast? Send police from Brisbane.
You're a monster!
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.
No no no, the ball was tipped. He’s a great kicker
You describe yourself as your knowledge of Asian languages stopping at knowing they exist? How did you know it was Mandarin then? That's impressive.
That's just damn creepy.
Worst episode of the entire show
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone
Maybe, but I don’t think he’s capable of make a studio by himself lol
ASMR is a weird sexual fetish for incels, and dont let anyone try and convince you otherwise.
I REALLY MISS GRIFFIN REINHART
I like surprises.
I completely understand why some people would want to report this, I just said that I wouldn’t. You do what you think is right.
"I love how he calls himself a ""decent man"" and the other guy a ""douche"" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"
And then in a weird twist her family tries him for murder. Haha!
That’s so great! Congratulations to you as well!
"Each Dark Souls game has been voted ""Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""."
And then everyone clapped and the teacher got on his hands and knees, begging to be spared from your superior intellect.
no the first part about UK becoming a failed state. Why do you think a lot of [NAME] would not want this to happen?
Thank you! It will help a lot
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.
if your former manager is receptive in re-hiring you, it's a positive first step. your email is fine. good luck!
We're going to return to [NAME] and [NAME] being bffs again and talking shit about [NAME] or some other random shit.
Thanks alot [NAME] i will try to use these tips
This seems like a very good write-up to me. I've been debating the issue a lot recently and haven't really come to a definite conclusion.
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.
Honestly, same. I was miserable at my admin asst job.
Thats a red flag that you're a big part of his son's life after 5 months. This all seems very immature, both you and him.
haha, she doesn't support me for whatever reason. lol you got problems bro. open your ears and shut your mouth
My only issue is he keeps blowing draft picks on QB’s that are terrible.
I like hearing about these positive encounters.
That hurt too much to watch twice.
All good 👍
"Same here. But I thought ""[NAME]"" is a fitting name."
Yeah, it's too expensive to eat out all the time, even if its fast food. 
Coherence, The One I Love
Thank [NAME] there wasn't a psychologist among the testers
I’m sorry to hear you’ve been cheated on.. but you’re free ! Makes it easier for NC if they found a new FP
Speaking of not having a brain, that seems pretty ironic coming from someone with your attitude.
This is a very cursed lineup
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.
[NAME] I wish that were me.
I have a deep seeded hatred for close-minded people too.
Yeah we're just awful. Sadly that's too friggin' true just now!
I loved coming across this today! Nice work!!
This is horrible
He goes after my Wisconsin teams all the time... so I live that one haha. Pisses me off but still love em
Yup, it's from the latest episode. Thanks! :[NAME]!
If being bisexual means I'm in a cult, I'm kind of pissed because I haven't received my cult robes yet.
To me, the best smell a person can have is just a clean smell. 
Shame on you
I kind of think if you spell dissuade diswayd you lose any benefit of the doubt.
Interesting. Can you give some examples?
Uh, sorry. We're under trumpcare now.
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. 
Was at the game yesterday and at the game now. It's a miserable gong show. Why do I keep doing this to myself?
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.
Aww! congratulations!
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. 
What a totally innocent and integral part of our society! So glad our tax money can keep him company over his year long holiday!
This comment completly proves the opinion of the OP right lmao. I’m so sorry America doesn’t meet your standards oh mighty reddit commentor
Sounds like my SIL with me/hubby. But she's a bitch and we never liked her anyways, so neither of us really care lol. 
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!
This is where the fun begins.
[NAME] did nothing wrong
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.
Go forth and get rated, my child. 
Thank you. And I love your flair. My toddler is the same haha
Yep, usually if it was the other way around she would love both of her cultures.
First of all, sorry for your loss. Keep in mind that funerals are for the people still alive not the person who has just died.
Yeah. I do wish you the best. It's not gonna be easy but I do. You're welcome!
For sure. Thank you.
It was so great to have a nice friendly NPC like that. Just one student that didn't hate our guts.
Eh, I'm not a fan of the grayscale. Looks too Kingsish. 
Get your feet off the table...
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats
I don’t CARE!
HOW DARE YOU!!
No, but it diverts resources from the art team, and prevents them from making content which would have been better recieved by the already low playerbase!
Now if only America would do this
"Yeah, I'm happy to help an actual friend in need, but not some distant acquaintance ""friend""."
He’s had big games for us before, it’s just his lack of consistency and effort 
A 2-day old account, and this is how you decided to use your time? Trolling the teacher subreddit? Ok dude...
When it’s read this way it’s way more badass. The way people normally quote it just sounds stupid.
This is weirdly funny to me
Have you visited any of the car subs? They may be able to help you diagnose the issue. Good luck though, I hope ya pull through. 
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.
I’d probably need up spending all of my money on food and ammo, I like having a limit
Did you have to ask? Just pay the ticket and be done with it.
Will be when we organise a run on the banks and hopefully take the only thing Westminster cares about away from them.
This guy fucking gets it.
That’s horrible. I’m probably going to donate to them I can’t imagine not missing out on a season because someone stole.
"Also the sneezing. The dog is sneezing which is canine for ""this is a great game"""
Omg she's gorgeous!
Good retort! Thank you for your contribution to the discussion.
Hey /r/Hockey Bro! Sorry about the Sens. At least this made you smile in the dark times.
Very true, interesting point of view. 
We only seem to hate them when they espouse murderous political philosophies responsible for more than 100 million deaths. Weird, huh?
Absolutely adore this
Hey Singapore, you’re in luck!
"Reply with ""Oh, my bad"". Don't make a big fuss out of it. People make mistakes."
It's a statistically slightly worse ICR, take that as you will.
Girl then DM me if you visit! It’s a great place to live. I moved from NY.
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. 
no not really i knew he was joking i was just clarifying what the bloke said
He could run for President of the US and WIN!
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it 
Motor Kombat was awesome. Goofy as hell, but awesome.
This is pretty funny. I’ve known dozens of people who fall into all of those stereotypes.
honestly, individually he's been awful so far.
Should be best right now. Speculating on what might happen in the future is pretty pointless.
I wish that show would come back
of moms give birth BY 30. About 11-13% of women are childless. Please lol some more.
Your mindset is the right mindset, sadly, it's easier said than done.
So THIS is what it's like to have a seizure when listening to self control...
Might not have fallen if little miss [NAME] didn’t have to pull her skirt back.
Any time. I’m sorry you’re going through this. Just don’t drink your emotions like I did.
[NAME] is hot garbage on that court. He has been the biggest disappointment of any player this season.
My point is we have been shit for the most of the season, today we are just shit in a new formation
Dude is gonna end up playing in his boxers one day lol
Funny, the right only seems to say this about women and people of color 🤔🤔🤔
where’s that tashy bastard
Laziest team I've ever seen.
not quite as cheap but if you already own a decent bike this kit is wel priced to convert
Yeah, a lot of people conveniently forget how devastating spacial apartheid was, and how permanent it's effects were designed to be.
Beautiful!!
Waiting to see if a card expansion will make the game fun.
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow
I guess I've never seen that written out. Thanks for the correction.
Good answer. Thanks for taking the time.
Nah. I just need to stop answering before I go to bed. Got the post and the replies mixed up in a sleepy haze.
If you take that line, any excess money you have is immoral. Tough line to tow.
Pepsi tastes better in the UK than Coke but US/Canada coke is pure diabetes and Pepsi is disgusting.
I can say when I was 16 I never did anything even remotely as hateful as what these kids did. It's really easy.
I love u too <3
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.
food pranks really irk me 😔
Yes - 21 of the cases were kids
i hate this
Omg this made me hurt! You better of gotten a damn good back rub after that.
love this! makes me want to go hiking at superstition this weekend.
I've had good luck reselling on StubHub. They take a cut but it is secure and easy to do.
Doubt is an integral part of faith. Dont worry, it will help you in the long run
Those lines were an embarrassment today. I couldn’t not believe it.
I used to work nights at a 24-hour Walmart, “interesting” is a damn tame word for it.
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.
You sound like someone who doesnt know what ironic humour is.
Does it contain like 5 members like the real one? lol.
I watch it because I enjoy it
i hope you get fired or rejected from your job for some stupid arbitrary reasons, maybe then you'll wise the fuck up
"I put ""haha"" after everything I say because I'm insecure "
On VPR yes she is awful. On WWHL she seems very nice, and likeable. Not sure what's going on there. 
"I knew the punchline as soon as I read ""Tide Pods"" and I hated both myself and you for it. Take your upvote."
Thanks for the link, my email indeed was breached it says. I’m just not sure what this exactly means.
I constantly feel like I'm my husband's best friend and it's just a matter of time until we break up :(
If you’re being contentious, then I have no interest in discussing this. There’s plenty of other threads you can search.
Got boomhauer(?)(boom-how-er) pretty right tho his character was apparantly a [NAME].
2018 was the worst year for Sydney Trains, I’ve lost count of the number of cancelled services due to power outages and train drivers calling in sick
Oooo thanks! Hopefully I’ll be home from work by then!
I think so. It’s one of my favorite [NAME] characters and a fun trilogy. At that price point I think it’s really worth it
I agree. I’d love to keep [NAME] around but recognize it might not be possible.
If this is real it’s just the best thing I’ve ever come across. I’m still crying laughing after 10 minutes!
Oh man this is horrible and the best summary of this subreddit in one single comment. I love it. Thank you so much.
I woke up drunk and mouthy
He's trying!
Fingers crossed. Its the chosen people and not the choice people for a reason.
I'd say no, mostly because you don't plan to stay long-term.
Okay I can see why that is one glorious beard
Thanks. I appreciate that. At least I know I’m not the only one.
Sorry, no. We’re just going to export [NAME] to you guys. 
Excuse you, rice is the best food. Rice is love, rice is life.
You know what you’re right, not with risking my CC info. Good thing I was too lazy to do it right away. 
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.
It's shameful how this sub sold out to Big Broccoli (TM).
their just mad because i love olicity and i think it's the best ship in the whole arrowverse. oh and because i think laurel is trash.
I fell asleep with the feeds on last night and woke up pretty frightened at the noises coming from my computer. Thank you for casting Tom BB hahahaha
I gave up trying to be 'normal' years ago. But I get your point though.
[NAME] shot that shot with confidence i like that
Ahh going to bother me I remember it. Let me do some research!!
Sorry if I was insulting, I just took your post as some commie type smugly trolling how stupid [NAME] is 
Well, it did just win a golden globe, so maybe a few more people will see it because of that
Oh my, my Japanese course is paying off! Yes that's what I was trying to say 😄
Well...to be fair then. :)
Wendy’s sauce I hope lol
I’m finishing that right now. Very fascinating.
I really liked his answer to the QB success question. The Tebow part was also unintentionally hilarious.
[NAME] chatting with a kid while waiting to come out for the stars of the game. What a great guy.
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!
If this is the kind of game you enjoy, you should REALLY check out Blades in the Dark!
I was 10 years old when this happened and seeing her heartbroken dad on tv and hearing her story still haunts me.
SS: Collapse of the west, and re-birth, all in a beautiful video.
should've rolled into battle with a sword brad. that would have fuckin' rocked
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh. 
Many thanks!
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again 
i actually dont mind either of those
Oh they can make numbers up too , good idea. Astroturfing starwars, this is the worst timeline.
^ This. You know the guy's a liability when multiple teams openly admit to taking advantage of his defensive inconsistency at the left.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!
there is no compromise with people who hold the American people hostage for something the American people don't want. don't negotiate with terrorists.
No, it isn't K.
I'm here through the week. So far I've met [NAME], French and Haitian people and it's been amazing!
I'm also a human being but I can't think of any reason why I would physically hurt a woman.
Did feel that one but I find it hard to tell sometimes
Disinfected or sanitized maybe. No way an entire exam table is sterilized.
I’m sorry
I mean, if I make it look like an accident, just think of all the ribs I can buy with the insurance money... 
I know how you feel :( I hope you start getting more good days soon. <3
"Sorry but why does it matter that you're ""from /r/All""? "
"Lol OK. I guess we'll skip over the ""generally accepted"" part of the definition cuz why not, eh?"
Our education system has been a complete and utter failure...
I suppose when discussing socialism one ought to avoid the use of the word prosperity, it does become a touch embarrassing. 
Excuse my wording. I should’ve said [NAME] all around game & unselfishness combined with [NAME] aggressiveness & scoring
I'd give them a first, but they have to retain salary. You know they'll just destroy that first round pick too.
I'm so nervous!
"""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""
thanks for the recap
Piracy is going to have a massive increase in the coming years.
Agreed! Hopefully! :-)
I hope that stays on all their programs from now on. Would really add a new element to Corrie.
Terfs smell like bigots in general. Sort of a salty smell
Ah [NAME] I love this post!
Should you choose to have kids, you're going to make a good parent one day.
You can't just assert that something came from nothing, you need to provide evidence for said claim.
Honestly took me by surprised. Good job!
I hope [NAME] at least showers before his funeral.
Les Collines (Never Leave You) is still a bop. I loved that song and is still awesome in 2019.
happy cake day
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...
Good luck in the future man. We're not getting anywhere here. Have a great weekend!
Don't stay too long or you might go Nakamoto : P
Thank you! I still cant believe someone could be so selfish and awful and deliberately try to ruin Christmas for kids. So awful.
And the players who are older than me are retiring and it looks like I might never play professional baseball.
I’m crying omfg
Happy New Year
Last night [NAME].
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.
The lack of teabags is the only emergency here. You thwarted an attack on your child.
We also turned the ball over about a million and 3 times. I'm over it honestly
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.
That is not the typical sexual dynamic in western cultures. That's a crazy asshole.
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭
Glad your nights going well guys
Baby you was right
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.
Solid as a rock!
You deserve this
Happy Cakeday!
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy
yeah i misread billions as millions. my bad
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂
Is it just me, or do these children look really uncomfortable around the Duggars? The smiles look forced...
You tell me, was this a short trip or not? I was wrong, it was 4.3 
Yes, some doctors look down on military docs. However, I've never seen military nurses looked down upon. If anything, it gives them a leg up.
That was sexy
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. 
His estate still have property in places like ireland. To this he has grounds rent paid to him
[NAME] is a comedian. Every monologue he does is based in humor -- extremely intelligent humor. He is also extremely observant.
You seem like a well adjusted individual
Nice job. I'm surprised not a single one of them used their CC immune ults or had beads. That is usually really important in assault.
I apologise, I'm a bit hot headed at times, especially on this account.
Well, I don't agree, but I do appreciate having a real discussion rather than just name calling lol. Agree to disagree
I like [NAME] but he's biased. If he's planning to becoming a real journalist he needs to leave his bias at home.
I didn't know that they had that on there lol. Are those the kind of shows that you're into?
thanks. I really hope it does get better
I hate when I get extremely bored doing something that was once all consuming.
What an idiot.
I’m in my second year. Still closeted. Still uncomfortable with my body and sexuality. Still socially awkward.
 I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within
I dont think they were angry att them self. Its allways the kids fault./s
What a hilarious joke... Comedy has basically become bashing.
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that
Hahaha the first fall is the best ha
I can't help it. It's just so perfect.
Oh ok. I'll go check them out :)
Mate none of these are accurate. I only read these articles as an excuse to get mad at something
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.
Mate honestly what you had was a serious relationship with her, for all 13 years. I hope you heal up well.
Super, thanks
Thanks for the breakdown [NAME].
I love this reply.
I’m feeling the same about the nets and hornets. I’m only worried the hornets can’t cover
the worse part is you might be crazy yourself and have no idea!
it's quite a large red flag. It depends on the context, but if they are in her dating league, I would be suspicious. 
What was the name of the neurology podcast? That sounds very interesting!
Yet *I* get banned for saying you should downvote posts you don’t like. Fml
I love how the tires are Raiders logo
I would of taken a shit in the woods real quick
Different region of same hellscape. Congrats, good luck!
I laugh every god damn time.
Oof that hurt
Correct but Reddit won't admit that as the reason.
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.
One of my 56 favourites
Yeah it's a weird thing people do
It's wonderful and gives me happy happy feels
If you think it's a real emergency don't waste too much time and try to call the police
Did it taste good; I bet it tasted good.
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)
> It almost feels like this is totally a shameless, contentless promo post for your YouTube channel and this book.
Had to comment just to say that I don't even know what to say to this. It's so mindblowingly stupid.
This sounds encouraging. I hope they get lots of support from the public.
Using high capital (money/picks) for 3 edge rushers would both be incredibly stupid *and* unjustifiable
Why was the discrimination and ghettoization of [NAME] prior to their extermination legal? Because legislators sometimes don't care for morality.
I just don't like OP for not explaining it before using the abbreviation. So even though the TIFU was great I downvoted it.
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote 
Apparently not successfully.
Thank you once again! I'm officially out of question now lol Happy New Year!
Yeah, apparently I missed the joke back there a bit Hahaha. 
The problem is not getting new players but keeping the current ones.
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today 
Neither are those 6 other pairs that I am wearing!!!
"ITT: People saying ""I'm doing to get downvoted for this"" and then not getting downvoted."
Thats harassment brotha. Do you double dare me
They're the same people who will tell you 600 a day is unhealthy
Grow up.
I call bullshit on this anon said they were “walking” ... you know they were in the scooter cart.
The only rank that can't be deranked is diamond. However, all rewards are based on peak elo. So don't be afraid to keep playing.
More along the lines of “I could stick that vein with my eyes closed and one hand tied behind my back” lol
I was browsing the site and just figured r/Browns would do the trick...NOPE!
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.
Are you high? People go for walks while wearing clothing all the time. It's when you go without the clothes that you run into problems.
oh god this is the worst
Why is this being downvoted lol?
at least you found it
This sub is a fucking joke now
Beautiful stranger i don’t have to talk to them after
first alien is hotter tbh
Lol nice. I can't say the same yet. What do you do for a living if I may ask?
Yet... here you are, a nodoby whining about others accomplishments on the internet. 13 year old you was probably smarter than you are now.
Thank you so much I'm going to start it right after the Golden Globes!
I think [NAME] could've been a long term quality backup. We really should have hung onto him and ejected [NAME] like a bad habit.
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something
Miami is supposed to have beautiful people, but these camera shots of the crowd sure as hell aren't showing them.
beautiful story arc. glad you decided to end it in my semi hometown of excelsior - really neat lil town.
You're very welcome. You do, and I hope (for your sake and especially for your daughters') that things work out for you all.
Loooooool what?
Yeah, I guess you’re right! I’ll definitely try talking to him. Thank you
Nice catch.
I get what you mean but still that's like mixing ammonia and bleach, it's not gonna go out well.
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!
aw, thanks! I appreciate that! 
hahaha, this is great. We need more anarchist jokes.
Damn democrats, if they think they're caring for the children, why don't they just change the weather then, never thought about that one. 
Wish I could vote this up 1,000!
If you make them get out in this. You deserved the fucking ticket.
Dont forget [NAME]. He was a reliever converted to starter. Hes got some ridiculous pitches just needs to work on consistancy
Where did I say that happened? Lmao most of my friends are single for the record. Quit jumping to conclusions.
So so good
I'm with you!!!!!!
Your girlfriend looks so Irish! You guys are cute as fuck.
Not really, in my mind it was continuous cringe that I was always curious about
The UK having disdain for Ireland or Irish people isn’t exactly new.
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable
"I thought the army would be like the top image. ""Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""
Feels like im wearing nothing at all!
Seeing [NAME] score on them was unbelievable. How embarrassing!
Love that car
Wish me luck fellas need Houston +8.5 to win $1700ish currently 113-114 Come on gambling gods
I switched the the Smok Novo and I like it. Close enough to the juul.
You are right
Hey now!
No, it's because of the misogyny that's often present in the community. 
Thank you, needed to hear this today! 
I thought Detroit or Oakland . . . and both have fantastic areas despite what pop culture might lead you to believe.
My favourite commentator on this game
Yeah, however you spell it - I don’t play with them 
Also his Whirlpool seems to be bugged, sometime it stays for like 3more seconds even tho you don't get any damage from it anymore
I think its absolutely wonderful : )
That’s a rad gift.... I cried when he came back from cancer. He was my hero
Good always love him
As a vegan, I can't tell you how happy I am to find any restaurant with vegan options! That man should be showering you with gratitude.
"All that condescension to spell ""capitulate"" wrong. Shame."
Keep rebuilding. That’s all we can do
Damn, you're right. I could've sworn I saw a 99% up there.
It's funny to consider DMC2 had characterization
It looks like Livonia flipped light blue as well? That’s pretty impressive.
Try posting to r/mentalhealth I'm sorry this is happening to you and I hope you get better.
So. Damn. Greasy.
[NAME]. is getting REALLY good!
Thank you for your input! I’ll look into it
Good luck! Also, your story cracked me up. I've been going through some interviews myself lately but fortunately they were over the phone 😅
I am here to tell you that it really will work out okay! I have certainly felt like you before. It sucks to feel lonely.
They probably got de-funded. I need to support them.
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.
Always wanted to try [NAME], I'll add her to my list.
Wow he wants people to donate so he can make a large profit off his atm? Lmao Good gig if you can get it I guess...
Is it bad that im really bummed he didnt get hit?
Honestly tho. Please stop posting this. We've been seeing this shit since at least 2003 and I was born in 02 ffs
No, he said he's bringing in somewhere around 10K a month, not 2500 a month. That's a HUGE income gap.
Yeah, neither of them are communists. [NAME] is a left-leaning [NAME] and [NAME] is a [NAME]
For a sec I thought I was on NoSleep. I'm glad no one got hurt.
Poor fish :(
Barista Parlor and Crema have been my favorite so far.
Thank you!
Real fact, Elephants see us as cute in the same way we see dogs and cats as cute.
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.
His video is definitely against the rules.. He literally asks people to spam oh yeah yeah everywhere
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.
The reason I was commenting was because the other day i was reading threads about how it's annoying that the ocs doesnt do the bulk discounts
That’s the nicest thing ever said to me. Thank you!
get your ass to mars!
That's true, you'd imagine it'd have come up beforehand. 
Damn this kid and her fancy clothes makes me feel like a bad parent.
Their behavior? Going to campuses to talk about fiscal responsibility and [RELIGION] values is something that is bad? You’re a bigot, just admit it. 
Loved his wife.
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.
Don't listen to them, we need to call this kind of stuff out.
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.
No, lots of people in that area do that. Hire someone to do your taxes because it'll be a nightmare and so will your commute
Sure, there are edge cases where this is less clear, but in the vast majority of conflict, this is true.
What a wonderful world
No way we would turn down [NAME] for [NAME]. BS
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*
That...that was way more disturbing than the top level sub. What the fuck?
Yeah, The Donald seems to spread its purging mentality to most right leaning subreddits. Reminds me, I should get banned from r/theDonald again for quoting [NAME]
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE
But now we're stressed out.
Very astute observation.
Yes its absolutely freeing! And so pure :) Aaah my heart
YES! Here's to us HAPAs!
I know! I'd buy this for my unit my coworkers would love it 😂
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.
The secret and walk away endings are not cannon.
Yes it does
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care
That makes sense, thanks
Your husband is a lucky man.
Well I for one think small d**** are adorable
That kid has the face of a douchebag
Thing is...it's the media the masses take in that is driving this anxiety [NAME] or AP reader isn't falling for this
I hate people.
I'd rather not be in the 90's kid category anyways.
an obvious joke
How many shitposts does it take to make me unsub
"Haha, my mind started quoting ""the standard of truth has been erected..."""
People really spend more than $10 in an app game? I mean an actual video game I can understand but that's just...sad
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.
Hmm. I don't disagree. It's unfortunate.
yeah but like I’m highkey anxious about getting shocked and screw Apple for getting rid of the rainbow logo, it was so cool
You should really go see Aquaman though. In IMAX if you can - it's breathtakingly beautiful.
I am already so stoked for her eventual WATN episode, because she's going to keep kicking ass.
Thank you [NAME].
Sure you can. A class of preschoolers can be replaced by their parents in the space of four years.
He can’t be like that in that business but it already sounds too late. No wonder his staff quit on him.
Yeah I’ll take my downvotes. Just a gut feeling
this off season is dark and full of terrors
remember when he scored 4 tries in a game? that was cool
She should not defend herself? Stop blaming both sides.
Firstly, congrats on not being pregnant!! Now there is nothing tying you to him and you're free to find greener pastures. :)
One of the more disgusting virtue signals I've seen
But he is. He won’t talk to us. [NAME] damnit OP answer us!!
No, it's just that OP made that part up. The article didn't say anything about femenists.
Sex is not a right! Porn is not a right! Viewing naked female bodies is not a god damn civil liberty!
Yeah, no
The parents are “retards” for not watching their kid near water.
By taking it as a nonserious game you don't need in order to enjoy and have fun with it.
I've always wanted to eat Youngstown State's mascot
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.
Great program, the wife and i have been able to pay down 10k in debt in 3 months since moving our daughter into the program
Ask him if he wants to a warm glass of shut the hell up.
Your loss. [NAME] is an excellent chef, and all of his restaurants are amazing.
The fact that you got a kill with the auger is impressive enough...here’s an upvote
Wow? Thanks so much for the knowledge, sir. We owe you one. 
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it
I honestly would start at the beginning. Most things are still funny because you remember the events they make fun of.
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka
OMG thank you. Just thank you all
Nah it's just weird that they wouldn't try diazepam first since it's so often used.
"[NAME], I've told you already. ""Muy gorda chica"" does not mean ""very pretty girl"" "
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.
Fellow [NAME] fan, reporting in. She's my favorite character in the series lol. 
[NAME] has always favoured [NAME] so I'd assume this means he's the next up, I just prefer [NAME] and find [NAME] a little overrated.
Do you find yourself depressed a lot? I feel like depression comes out of boredom.
I'm hoping it's more statistical noise at this point still, but it's definitely worrying.
> Because I was a disgracefully gullible, immensely stupid fucking dipshit ~~was~~ *am* FTFY
Thats awful, I'm so sorry for your loss
"That's not correct. The ""Dallas-Fort Worth, TX-OK Combined Statistical Area"" includes Durant, as it does Athens. "
What game do you think that is ? Because that'd be Tetris or Minecraft my dude, not your teenage greasy neckbeard crap. Sorry.
I haven't ever considered my dense moments could be hormonal! That sounds like something I'd do, haha.
I don't think that option in ranked would be a good idea.
What type of migraine do you think it is? Hope you get better soon
Be careful with the Washington Times. It's not exactly the Washington Post.
Why don't you just tell us? We're all dying to know!
Yea its really dissapointing
That's the idea, don't be so indignant that I called out your bs.
I tell them I've been a fan since the very beginning of the franchise, so there's no way I could be a bandwagoner
I believe it
It's a song reference. The lyrics were awkward so one of my FB friends made a meme
Oh you'd prefer if I used this pic instead? I understand.
My hero!
This is all I can think about when I see these things. Most of them cannot be properly washed.
Hell yeah!
Lol it's a bit of both I think.
No.. This dudes a little wack in the head
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. 
Almost the same Win% as [NAME]. Nice.
This is the best thing I've seen so far in 2019. As a gamer and a human being this is love in video form 😊
That's not really a solid method.
A different joke. Scenic!
Weird flex but okay
Fantastic news for supply - hopefully it translates to less pressure on rents. This market desperately needs more supply and this is great news.
Like I said please have a great day !
Yeah lol like I'm cool with signing/drafting DL but pls not in the first like 3 rounds lol, much less at 2.
Right there with you! Unladylike was so depressing, I couldn't keep listening to it.
Which three of you motherfuckers changed it from 666 upvotes when I clicked on this post?
That... That makes a lot more sense than what I thought they were chanting.
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit? 
Food stamps are a disgrace. People should get money!
Lol, good luck! Hope it goes well for you (I have no idea how it’s working at all for me)
Well then why are some people allowed to talk about strip clubs here and others are not?
It's like [NAME] said. They get motivated by a bad loss, they win a game, get unmotivated, and lose badly again
This person is a god damn idiot
I mean, none of us think it’s an insult. You don’t need to explain that.
I don’t owe you an explanation. I’m at work.
Thank you for your service o7
Laughed. Out. Loud
Breathing out like a dragon keeps me from gagging when i brush the back of my tongue
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but she is more than likely dead and will never get to say goodbye
that's the point
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals
I admitted to myself that I had no other reason to think [NAME] was real. Kind of tough to stay [RELIGION], after that. 
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.
I will definitely keep this is mind and thank you for the great comment!
> 1 in 4 women will be victims of sexual assault. 4 in 4 idiots will believe this without proof.
These are completely unrelated. Please review
Yep, I guess this is a no-go for me. Thanks!
Oh, goodness!
Ok you're right, I amend my statement to give one to anyone who wants one and can meet certain qualifications. Just like getting a business permit.
I came back to work and I found the charlkboard like this. No idea how it got that way. Weird.
Not my text lol? Im sorry dude your a weirdo and the downvotes have demonstrated that lol
Ah yes, Plastique Tiaras drag race, thank you so much izzy....noriega <— That explains alot!
hes doing it for his kid
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again. 
I would say they do because it was a horrible accident but they were also in the wrong. The military tried to get them to disperse they didnt.
Bruh cake happy day
Oh, I see. I must have mis-read that. I am sorry.
Please never don't not reproduce.
Don't understand the question. Obviously you make up the rules in the middle of the game.
But the alt right love him! /s
Dude, there is nothing you can do against a team shooting like that, nothing. And out shooting is really good too.
Yawn. They’re toxic together and their only trait seemed to be getting naked together.
they seem confident and chill
I am so pleased for you that you are going for therapy. You can really benefit from it. I wish you the very best for the future.
Yeah, I completely agree. I was just making fun of this sub for seeming like they only want girls wear hoodies lol.
Yep that was incredibly rude. What kind of adult sits down and decides to put that in a major magazine? Just unbelievable.
Horrible waste of time.
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.
Still, it’s legal weed. Sorry, sad [NAME] here..
Good thing I don't watch porn lol
Gonna get a cheeky nandos with the mandem
>Allow insurance to not pay for treatment of diseases with known vaccinations and to raise rates on antivaxxers *Genius!*
I dont like to give out my number before meeting. Maybe phrase it in terms of verbal convo.. eg phone,Skype etc
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s
Says nothing about a 2nd interview
there's no limit when it comes to owning dogs.. more dogs = more love
It's not a shaving cream ad, it's razor blade ad, you dunce!
I went to college to get an MRS and all I got was this lousy BS!
"What ""same thing""? You're not addressing any of my actual argument and have barely been doing so for a while."
I gagged at unwashed zebra hoodie.
I can totally see it. I’d be very interested to see them interact.
Oh lol. Thanks for the clarification. I just thought that’s the texture of the tongue.
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)
[NAME] is amazing how dare you
My condolences. Lost my cat Zoey over a year ago. I still miss her like crazy. she was only 3 years old too.
It's also one of the very few decent solo FPS released this year.
I was linked the unarchived link and it has some important updates. Wish the OP wasn't so salty and linked the actual
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.
Aren't they concerned about your weight now?
yeahhh fellow new shift here too * high five *. Congrats!
Holy hell I hate them so much.
Measuring my life in semesters filled with classes that are entirely worthless but I need a $60,000 piece of paper to get a job 
Not necessarily. Simply giving both of them the legal right to choose to *not* be a parent would create equality within the constraints of biology.
It’s deeply bizarre.
You need HELP!
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.
I'm flying home to stl tonight. Land at 8pm. Have to get all the way down 44.....fuck.
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me
Damn MLM at its worst
And butt. I can't believe butt cracks are blurred in US shows!
Sorry im a french guy
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone
This is amazing to think about and love that [NAME] is there. 10/10
Such a nasty woman
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore
But it's accurate. The other link states he was living in one of the poorest provinces in China. Dude was just an idiot
Yeah it sort of sucks now.
This was posted, word for word, on r/CrazyIdeas not too long ago. It's a joke
Wow, they are actually struggling against the Hawks for 3 full quarters. 
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.
Beautiful shot. It goes through my back yard every day.
My stylist is a fit, handsome guy with big, sexy hands. Can't say I don't like it when he tousles my hair.
Umm Hmmm. Too bad [NAME] can't be reached via Ouija Board. People really need his help.
[NAME] hoping he's [NAME] mum
Shit she doesn’t want = “curated beauty box” 🤔
I will not be preposition shamed. but yeah, you're right
fuck the caps!
Thanks i hate it.
They lead a bad defense though. And [NAME] isn’t blameless here, he’s not good against the run.
They are dumb 43 / 37 year olds.
Season 3 onward, pretty much anything with [NAME] makes me laugh. My fav character for sure. 
Honestly- my period stopping is one of my favorite “old lady” things! Ha!
I know how it feels being in the hospital alone, I hope you get well soon
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.
This momentum control by the refs is killing us, and we're letting it
he ded.... and why the fuck these POSs have cellphones in prison.
Well to be fair, playing the whole game would be a great start. Winning puck battles would also help. 
This is why, when I do it, I'm gonna do it as quick and brutally as possible. This is inhumane.
Hey, I share a birthday with a legend!
You have too many knives, I don't trust you. Sociopath.
Plus [NAME] has won before. [NAME] is a perennial loser. All he has ever done is played on teams that were the worst in the NHL.
About as serious as my plans to marry a porn star and retire to the Bahamas.
It means >![NAME] is the only one really close to Dutch now.!<
And suck this guy off at the same time
She liked the picture too so it’s even better. Like she really does not give a shit hahaha
And yet still just outside of the playoffs and not the worst team in the last 10 games.
Uncle doods is awesome.
Didn't notice the date, sorry.
I love this so much
Yay let’s get nice and pissed
No no no i didnt learn about that in my middle school bio class so it can't be real 😤
You were at a casino. Sounds like you won.
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now 
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.
Watching porn on your phone is a thing people do now? It's such an inconvenient thing to do tbh.
Damn, she was gonna clobber that punk with the butt of that gun.
Sadly, I don't have insurance so unless I'm bleeding out I won't be getting medical help.
Seek out a therapist? It sounds quite depressing n I wouldn't want it overwheming me.
Agree with that XI but sad that [NAME] is our best choice.
I almost didn't finish this stranger mission because I just *knew* it was going to be bad.
this is amazing
Congratulations, it is satire!
Its soooo cringy that I had to watch it again
I miss the Scottish [NAME].
Classic imperialism at its finest
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. 
I like this template, it makes me happy.
Both are on the right though.
Ha that’s amazing you may know my little brother he graduated around that time name is [NAME]
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad
It's seriously terrifying!
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time
The wonderful thing about ttigers, is ttigers are wonderful things!
Surprised [NAME] didn't add his hatred of interracial couples in the movie.
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea
Bring on the mosquito to destroy those tired legs
Oh man, glad I'm not watching this with my extremely emetophobic mother 
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.
Yay we start off with the love triangle!
Well the three games is all we have to go off of, and he was bad.
> That shit happens all the time with cabs. No. It does not
Hi, [NAME]! I just wanted to stop by and wish you peace and happiness! -HappyFriendlyBot
Thank you. It happened suddenly. Near the end of the game.
I’m telling ya, we really need to impose a basic hockey knowledge test to post here. I’m sick of the mouth breathers.
Haha. Fucking banana stand. Didn’t realize people actually used them.
So what is then, the race of western peoples? You're treading in very problematic territory friend
i understand that means i will have no luck for compensation
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.
Love the [NAME]. They have a great dynamic and it looks like a genuine friendship.
Disturbing =/= awful. Its incredibly well done by a professional. I feel like this sub is more for unintentional awfulness, not purposeful shock value/ theatrical makeup.
I dunno...it was used for a meme and it's very fun to look at
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry
You're a mean person.
are you printing labels through ebay/paypal/other online service? You get a discount there. If you're paying retail, stop it. 
Welcome back [NAME]!! You sexy Brazilian SON OF A BITCH
Behavior I'd consider deeply immoral without showing true remorse (I'm talking rape, torture of animals, that sort of thing).
Not the fact that it's a terrible comparison?
[NAME] just saw ur cosplays, you prove that attractive people dont go on inceltears. Thanks for the chuckle my insecure friend
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.
"""look at you... look at you..!"" Oh, I'm bawlin. "
People would still always parry them (600ms) :(
Congrats dude!
!!!!! Best girl
Upvote for you, and shared the cleverness with my wife!
And wr is not what I want us to focus on anyways. We got plenty of other needs
What the fuck [NAME]! Are you easy to talk to? 29 years and you didn't see it coming?
Oh, exploitable
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.
UNCLE RADITZ IS PISSED!!!
I’ll defer to your experience then.
Yeah no, I don't support people being questioned by police for any opinion actually, a sentiment I expect many people on here share.
Be the change you want to see in the world!
😅 I wrote that to indicate tears of relief and happiness but what I was actually doing was laughing like a lunatic knowing that I wasn’t alone.
How old are you? It sounds like 90% of the guys you know who are your age also don’t have their shit together
My fiancé had it custom made as an early Valentine’s Day gift!
You have to be trolling because I doubt you’re this dumb.
I'm not saying your analysis is wrong or not based on evidence, just that the data it generates is not useful. 
I loved how [NAME] feels like everyone in the office is her family. Her relationship with [NAME] is so cute and innocent
"Exactly. I forget what the ""killed per year in a school shooting"" figure is but it's shockingly low."
Fabies? fababies? fatbabies? but fat babies are so cute.
Yet again; totally missing my point.
So we should stop caring about other people and only look out for ourselves. That DOES sound like a baby boomer!
He will, they both look totally re-integrated. If not, they'll thrash the rockets bench guys lol
"""In valor, there is hope"""
Not that I fully disagree but this seems a lot more like a rant that you want people to back you up on rather than a genuine question.
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.
I must break you!
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.
Any differing opinion that exists is heresy.
I don’t understand why people give gold to crossposts. You deserve all the upvotes.
Accurate ! Thanks
I just had a panic attack!
You’re right, my bad
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.
I dont believe shit until america confirms the transfer.
Oh boy this aged poorly
**Lost** children. Issues we face today are likely fabricated from the bottom up.
He’s one of the calmest goalies I’ve ever seen in general haha
100% scam
Damn, we barley made it out of the Rockets game with a win according to that graph. 
[NAME] has played really well though. Arguably better than [NAME]
[NAME] is in Valkyrie, we're SAAAFFffffeeeee........
I'm gonna guess other people in the Texans org don't feel he deserves the credit you're giving him.
Man, this is awesome but seems bittersweet after NYE. It was loud as hell.
My rabbit had one just like this before she passed. I hope the animal is okay.
Hear eagles fans are sending dude money. He'll need it. I'm hoping I hear of his unemployment momentarily.
[NAME] was pretty good too. Cuah was the best 10 tho
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition
The guilt of sin represses all
Don't grab another slice of pizza. Maybe if they would've eaten the crust they would have not been so hungry. It's greedy and picky.
>testing teenagers for four mystery roles Oh good lord. This is going to be even worse.
I wish my family was a gov so I could charge random people on the street for my family's mess ups :/
That magazine cover after her first surgery was awful. She got a chin implant or something I think. Receipt:
You win one internet!
Yep - did so for Jane the Virgin and Lost.
Well that took a turn real quick!
Ok this makes more sense now.
This post is not going to age well.
You're pushing me to adopting irrational and nonsensical beliefs! dogs are cats now!
Don't like having different stripe profiles on the shoulders to the front of the shirt. One or the other.
Well shit, if all you gorgeous people haven’t settled down yet, there’s no hope for me
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you
Lol. Your dad made me laugh. Tell him thanks.
Ahhhhhh [NAME] had to finish that. But beautiful pass from [NAME]
Thank you for your time and effort! I'm going to actively focus on enabling my Rein and tracking enemy ults.
You’ve got to do it! Just imagine all the bitter responses that you can then share with us!
Bro, highmountain looking sick
He sounds like a stand up guy. I want his attitude in the clubhouse for sure
Not any harder than in chicken wings, imho.
Arsenal FC the retirement home... No thanks [NAME]
You might have better luck
Maybe you just don't like women that much...
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.
Thank you for that ! I’m glad it’s just not me !
People are barbaric even though they are peaceful? You’re not making any sense.
His work schedule is pretty consistent so I should be able to move out when he's at work. Thanks for your advice.
Sorry if Im slow here but what does Milan or [NAME] have to do with this? Hes going to Inter or Arsenal,no?
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys
Damn girl, Stockholm syndrome is strong with you. All I can say is I wish you all the best.
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]
Because sloppy seconds is a childish concept and I dont see bargain basement girls.
Then fling baseless insults at me. Youre doing great.
Stupid play.
Yeah it's only been posted 30 times already
Of course. I'm glad you were able to revisit in a healthy manner.
Shits me no end mate, good on you for doing something
I’m really starting to like that kid
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.
Uhhh... unfortunately I can't read the article due to some regulations...but pretty sure that post is just the article
Love it.
I was streaming on my laptop so I could watch the glorious win. Sadly hunting has been tough so far. Damn those Bison.
This is a terrible tip. Please think before doing something like this.
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.
Haaaaay it’s the NAGR Guy!!!!!
Want to get a hangover there 👍🕺❤️
CHUCK THE WAGONS MAMA IM GOING WEST
Wasn't meant to be. Que Sera Sera.
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty 
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.
thats just an unpopular opinion, and legally wrong.
Not cameo, reference sorry
My poor baby
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly
A year later the store closed because they don't know how markets work
Your husband sounds both smart and kind. Good for you. (says she with a big smile)
"I actually see this one a lot. ""Allergy: fire ants."" Me too, bro. Ants will fuck you up."
youre a disgusting piece of filth.
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.
Yep. Seriously painful to read
Then do it [NAME]. It's basketball. You can do whatever you want out there.
Motherfucker!!
Unfortunately it isn’t available in my location. But thank you for trying to help me ☺️
Worried it will be taken off the table?
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs
Nah, share it then down vote it in to oblivion.
Cop is stupid for upholding the law, I think most people here would beg to differ but wtfdik
The whole post reeks of troll.
FINISH ON HER!! Seems way more appropriate for a sex doll
thats one impressive car!!
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged 
nearly 9 minutes?! no wonder you're getting downvoted lol
And then get frustrated when they realize the internet isn't censored and then call for censorship.
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life 
Yeah, it’d be weird to have two green arrows running around. 
[NAME], she really is my least favorite queen I drag race history. Boring, try-hard, and busted makeup.
i feel this
It's ridiculous people blind fellow faith here in algeria
I had an urge today. Went straight to the gym. Problem solved. Find something to replace your urges with
You said it wrong.
I’m glad not too much time was put into this
Thanks! Will give them a call!
Colts fan here. [NAME] seems like a nice enough guy but, holy crap, terrible coach. Buyer beware.
As ironic as it sounds but her being a non factor is what ultimately won them the game (compared to inting [NAME])
Thanks for the advice, but I think I'll stick around for a bit.
Good dog.
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any
"She always says the most basic things""wow he hit him"" and her lisp is pretty annoying."
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.
I was hoping that wouldn't be the case, that really sucks man. Hope you find something that ignites your passion again!
[NAME] is actually a terrible player
Oh [NAME], even if I had a bf I would be ashamed to have him do that for 
> Places of business need wider tables and open seating Open-plan Offices are a Disaster.
Lol for the past 2 weeks I wondered if an unpopular opinions thread should go up and I was hesitant for the same reasons. Lol mind reader sis
Came to say the Ravens. I always pull for them no matter what for your laid or reasons. Plus their black and purple jerseys are so nice.
About fucking time ordering ASAP
I second this sentiment! This has bothered me since the beginning and I don’t know if she really grasps how incredibly offensive this is!
damn it, you beat me to it.
I think you misunderstood me. I wanted to say that it was beyond stupid 😊
You DO seem nice. And friendly!
Ferrets are such good ESA's though! Good for you at least, I love ferrets with all of my heart.
This is just sad. So, so sad.
“Got caught talking about meditation” Sounds terrible I am so sorry you had to go through that kind of thought policing.
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like
Destroyed property is the same as lynching someone for their race.
I imagined this whole scene in my head with you played by a young [NAME]. Brilliant.
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.
Lol good talk
Thank you Dad, very cool!
What happens when a Jedi gets PTSD? Play this game to find out. Hint: ITS FUCKIN BAD NEWS SON
You’re looking at clocking out of work two hours after you should have been finished, lol.
Seek help.
[NAME], I love science.
? What do you mean? This is my favorite video game.
yup today hit me extra hard since im unemployed. i feel like im not meant to work, or meant to do anything really!
Good question... maybe it has something to do with expanding their international flights? Although if I remember correctly they unload you somewhere else to go through customs.
I ended up with my kneecap dislocated like that back in the 80’s (it was a tragic hackysack accident). 12/10 would not recommend.
It's both we only have like 5 good players and two of them are just a rookie and a sophomore
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE
You must be fun at parties
[NAME] damn it [NAME]!
Love how she actually cross referenced the picture with the POTUS.
Ahhh thank you! This is only my second scripted video. The rest are just me babbling into the mic about art
I'm not sure if this is /r/titlegore or /r/nextfuckinglevel But I approve.
HOLy SHIT I HAVE KADRI IN MY POOL
It's definitely alive. Not sure it's doing quite so well...for 99% of people anyway.
"Eh. People really are judgemental towards ""hoes"", so I don't blame them. What is stupid is to shame people for having sex."
It's disgusting how good our teams have been both years until december happens. It's usually started by injuries too.
I didn't believe it until I saw a video with creepy music. CREEPY. MUSIC. That's when my eyes were opened.
Ugh. Gross
I feel I should do this even after living here for 7 years, I've barely done any touristy things! Shame on me.
Sounds nice owo
I agree with this statement
Honestly scared to see what happens
all 10’s left tbh hoping for a clarity win, we found love second, rather be third, and titanium fourth
Anyone who complains about being a loser is a loser.
OMG kids are dying from polio??
Shucks, that's 11am for me. I might drop in one day when I don't have work. Thanks!
It’s like bombs over Baghdad to a whole new level... I LOVE IT!!
That's a classic. You have good taste.
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way 
If you're more concerned about a potential person than an actual person, you should get out of medicine. You aren't qualified.
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.
It’s the world record egg!
The ochils are the only plus side to living in Clackmannanshire. Plus easy travel to anywhere in scotland
At SkyZone with the kid getting some energy out. Next up is a dentist visit...ugh
Haven't noticed this comment before but, fcking [NAME], [NAME] really has become a household name hasn't she...?
What, again? This stupid country!
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with
Nice try. That doesn’t work though.
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.
I almost hit the arrow in the screenshot
heck
Thank you for such kind words.
Not evenly proportional, and not what I said. I'm talking just overall shape for proportion. I like a mom belly.... They're pretty sexy.
I'm not talking about [RELIGION] anymore though...
Imagine knowing the world was going to know you're going through puberty, with pictures! And thanks! Huge online comic fan. 
Because it’s possible. My partners mother had it and she passed very young as a result.
Ah, that's a tryptan, that can have more pronounced effects indeed.
Super fake news. This wasn't brought up when directly asked about it in previous testimony.
Damn that's a good-looking pizza
Thanks for the heads up, I'll wait until next week to head down. 
That was brilliant 😂
It was never implied as such. You simply mistakenly interpreted it that way.
If you need a friend to talk to, I am open.
Fucking monophanie looking ass floating with the dead, nice.
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉
Actually [NAME] had the #1 PP who bazooka [NAME] fired lol
The article didn’t use it. OP just did a bad copy paste I think.
Haha thank you for all of this! I’m sorry you can relate to it all, you stay safe out there!
Spiders in the corners of the house and praying mantis' on the curtains, best anti fly setup ever.
Not looking for anything serious ≠ rejection
This looks really cool. r/twobestfriendsplay would love this.
I remember that! She crashed and they asked her to leave lol. That was one of my fav moments.
I love it
### Because Shaggy IS such a powerful being
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here
No. This simply is not the case
This is so sweet 🖤
I don't even wear a shirt in the day around the house. Way too hot.
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise
Guys message got deleted, what did he say? 
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo
Oh forgive us for trying to make an exciting atmosphere at our homecourt.
Drugs are a hell of a drug...
Please don't.
This truly is the best a man can get.
[NAME], stop being [NAME].
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.
How does that get past the health department? Birds are filthy. Half cooked birds wing is disgusting.
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics
You just worded it badly, like we all SHOULD want to see it change, which many of us don’t.
Giving gold is like a thank you irl, just go out and start thanking people OP.
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!
I know he will be, I'm just nervous. His face is just going to be so sad 😢
Anyone want adopt a dog while we are at this discussion lol?
I’m sorry you are feeling so down friend, that is really difficult. I hope find a way to feel better.. maybe go to emergency care...
Happy to assist with the credit repairs. I've been in the industry for over 20 years. It takes time but it's fixable.
I was thinking that as well after I posted. Some nasty stuff settles on ceiling tiles.
It just never got weird enough..
Thank you for charging your fucking phone!
I cried I was laughing so hard
I live in Suiderstrand, which is past Aghulas, no option for fibre here unfortunately :(
It sounds like you'd have a great time with Final Fantasy XIV.
Ok thanks bro for the opinion. I’m trying to settle a argument.
the trend was that i didn't really like any of them. Turns out i was just desperate.
Turn undead is once per short rest, you can’t make use of it frequently, no wonder the dm was frustrated
Me and the hubby watch every friday. Lol
I’m not a republican
It's a god awful feeling. It's changed me a little, but time heals wounds.
It didn’t help [NAME]. He should have invested in a crosscut, it might have been a bigger challenge to put back together
The finest example of an egotistical, ignorant and racist piece of trash. Humans like this disgust me.
He was such a pet!! Beautiful looking dog
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.
The last three words any redditor wants to hear lmao
Sorry, I’m out of the loop- are they on this season as well? I forgot about them
Goddamn right!
There is no way around it :(
7x04 for me, but I like the positivity. It was one of my best episodes of the season.
They were not [NAME] and they don't know the identity of them !
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped
I'll look into it, thank you! :)
This is accurate. Source: MA resident who works in CT. (WHY DON'T YOU HAVE REFLECTIVE ROAD MARKERS?!)
LUL, this is the 3rd time that Ajax has lost team on Busan. Unlucky.
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.
> Society usually paints men as emotionless, cold, and self sustaining creatures who don't need affection. Not really, though.
I’m sorry that happened to you but it’s I can imagine I know if it was me I would forever feel Guilt.
Is this a [NAME] reference. I feel like it is.
This made me smile so hard. I am happy for you. May we all find our own happy and worthy constellations 💕
I saw the video. It was more awkward than anything.
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory
Thank you for this. It sums up exactly what I wish I could send to all my TBM family
"""Cute dog, what's his name?"" ""[NAME]"" ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)"
Idealogues are annoying.
I am just attracted to mouthy Jersey girls, what can I say? I am a masochist.
Of course not.
Because it was a cool video it was sweet, and because it was a fash it was bitter. Simple as that.
So sad—but not surprising. It would be interesting to know if there’s a difference between countries with and without socialised health care.
Yeah [NAME] is actually really cute and nice but best boi and best girl goes to [NAME] and [NAME]. Just kidding. [NAME] all the way
[NAME] deserves to play for a proper club ffs.
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.
I don’t think that tells us any moralising lesson on the practice of incest.
I need like a drawn out visual or something
Looks expensive. Hope you enjoyed the game!
Awesome. Never get sick of hearing stories like that
So his aunt? I think I followed that.
YOU UNDERESTIMATE MY POWER!!!
Damn. Alright.
Oh thank god, the TV is safe.
I'm not crying, you're crying
Thank you!
Thanks for clearing this up!
It creates perverse incentives. Allow underpaid prison labour and suddenly you've an incentive towards exploiting your prison population rather than rehabilitating them.
You would LOVE this big mutt. He's a doll.
Oh my [NAME] I completely didn’t realise. I’m so sorry
That’s awesome. Feed the gators while getting rid of Pits. Kill two birds with one stone.
i cant i have asthma
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. 
It’s like you guys actually **want** a dictator.
The true horror of modern democracy is enabling those who say pork roll to have a voice.
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell
Why would we sign [NAME] when we already have a full time shortstop and third baseman?
*price hike for [NAME] only. I dropped Netflix last month because of it.
Goddamnit [NAME] back at it again...
Demonize - to portray as wicked and threatening. It's not hard to demonize someone when they regularly demonize themselves.
There’s a weird [NAME] version of this where the person falls and finds [NAME]
You are not yet worthy to possess this knowledge. Watch the film and you may be rewarded.
Yes I heard abt the f bombs! That has to be why. Thanks for your reply:) until then hubby and I will anxiously wait 😝
Awesome. Thanks!
It's also cruel how noone is informed about the execution at all. Relatives are left completely in the dark and likely never find out about their execution.
Boooo!!
You hang your head in shame. Not because of this, but just in general.
I would of at least helped the poor guy. Throw some fire crackers at the dam thing
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.
Yes I love that show! I need to watch the last episodes now that I think of it
Scenes like these are what make me wish I could forget the entire show at will. So I can watch and enjoy them all over again.
They understand alright, they just don't give a shit. Bunch of fucking scum.
Idk which is worse. The guy doing the project or me watching the video.
Listen to it while you're sad
I’ve started the journal part! But I unfortunately need to wait until he gets more aggressive for them to act on it.
Being the best [NAME] in SC2 was like being the best [NAME] in basketball.
Man... it’s been a while since I laughed so hard watching one of these vids
That sucks :( are you guys still in good terms though?
The school should make a list of sexual assaulters. The boys who engage in this should be shamed publicly.
2 is washed out, 6 and 10 are too dark. Also imgur showed me a bald naked chimpanzee right after your last picture and I nearly choked. 
Freedom? Not in New 2013 and it’s gotten a lot worse since
That sounds wonderful.
Cause schools the world over teach a unit about Alaska. OP is an oaf who's never left their hometown.
Well, I was going to surprise you [NAME], but what the heck...I’m gaining a bunch of weight to go on disability!
SC6 has a colourful cast and is actually very easy to get into. So yeah man, go for it.
He has the maturity of a 2 year old and you are right...ugly in his soul.
It was understandable, but it was comically basic. He just wanted to take over Earth for Darkseid IIRC. 
Oh...this is the one time... Yes I can assure you none of those outlets print satire without labeling it as satire or opinion
[NAME] comment has me laughing
"""We lost good people on both sides"""
Probably out of desperation as they going no answers with the other made up god.
"Sorry i was thinking of the word ""Plaintiff"""
Brilliant post!
Considering that the picture OP jerked was fake and that the OP of the faked picture was rude as fuck to absolutely EVERYONE, that’s completely false. 
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*
Stranger things have happened, but still, good luck.
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.
Man, I can't remember if this started on r/NBA or r/MMA
[NAME] bringing on Sir [NAME] to confront [NAME] about calling him fat is a great interview
"not really. but those people that go out of their way to say stuff like ""have a blessed day"" or whatever kinda creep me out. "
I agree. That is a fight better left for later.
Go look up China’s virtual news anchor.
And yet, it’s bad to manipulate people. Which is what the in laws are doing. 
u/TheQTVain praying for your little fighter. Hope everything goes well and he comes out in good health. Stay strong and let [NAME] do his thing ❤️
Hopefully they got a chance to see [NAME].
Dr [NAME] is so adorable. I just want to give him a hug then ask him to make a diet for me.
"""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"" see you in hell "
Yeah feel bad for people paying 200 to watch this crap. Better hockey watching my sons novice games.
I don't know how you get over the survivor's guilt after something like that.
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.
Auch, that's gotta hurt...
Hedonism at it's finest
[NAME]. Gun crimes are pretty much unheard of on that side of the pond, isn't it? RIP.
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.
*alligator point, thank you
I fear it is already too late if he already uses words that should hurt but really don't because of their misuse.
If he doesn’t give it a ten I’m gonna riot
It’s an imperfect poll demographic group skewing erroneously towards a “No”. [NAME] was incredible this week.
Lol. I realize that. I know plenty of people like y'all
Thank you noodle, very cool!
She’s a [NAME] also, but I doubt that means much in the entertainment business..
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? 
That's amazing, wow! People can be so good.
I probably just watched whatever episode someone else is rewatching.
Society sucks. I don't even consider myself a part of society.
Love that lane. It's like the best part of Rome.
It's funny how the mention snoop at the end of the article, reminded me of the chappelle's show episode about [NAME]
Finally I feel like it’s been ages. Dude needs to really beef up this offseason don’t focus on anything else.
[NAME], [NAME] and [NAME] just yelling over each other and [NAME] looking around like what the...?
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball
Welcome to the future, kid. Unfortunately your mom isn't coming.
Thanks for sharing
Thank you :)
Then let's go scythe and HAMMER!!! I've actually wanted scythe and hammer for the longest too
I'm glad you had such a positive experience on the sub and congrats on the relationship.
Did the burglar win? It's fine and all that he tried sueing, if it actually worked is the important part. 
When you glossed over [NAME] history to make a cheap shot at a democrat. That type of dishonesty is kind of your trademark
You know, I'm rather disappointed, but admire your cunning at the same time
Women don't want their own shit. They want our shit. ---- [NAME]
So having a baby you don’t want is [NAME] will, but having a baby you do want is going to put you in hell? 
OMG the bra hanging out of the back of that dress is so cringe.
[NAME] is a fine woman leave her out of this.
This was a floating barge of bullshit bound to ignorance, which is headed for a recycle bin on my desktop.
Good edit. I was going to go on a tirade about changing diapers on my lap/bathroom floors, but now I don't need to.
Damn, that's low. 
Yea we're already in last place, those 3 missing assures nothing lol.
It's not so uplifting that it's guaranteed to die in the Senate...
"""Sign our petition to make Qwandor the dragon a male! There are already enough girl characters. We don't need a third!"""
Reading comprehensions not your strong suit I’m guessing, no I don’t personally believe that, just pointing out an anecdote.
He raped you. Leave. Now. Cut all contact. Easy answers here. You deserve far far better than this
Box up all his stuff and put it outside the door
Dogs , unconditional love 
You have no perspective. Go outside and get some friends.
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.
More like [NAME] stalker,lol.
I am and have dealt with the consequences, hence my amazing son. Like I said before, hopefully you don't procreate.
All armed robbers, serial killers, rapists, swindlers all downplay the severity of their actions... 
my mistake :(
Thanks for your insight random person on the internet. Did it make you feel better typing that out lol?
I don’t believe there’s a hell or heaven.
I really wish I could scroll through comments with the video still playing.. sigh
You're taking all of this WAY too literally AND making a lot of assumptions.
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.
Why did you post my autobiography
lmao so many dumb fouls from lsu
Well, I could already do that. But glad to have BCH as a pathway
Oh, totally mistaken - thanks for correcting me! I had read differently, but maybe that's in other states/cities?
Thank you, brother.
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently
Get in, I'll tune in now
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.
You got it, thanks!
No, he doesn’t. But, the people who elect our officials do. I am appalled and embarrassed that she’s a [NAME].
Cus the left doesn't give a shit about people who fought for the USA!
ah dang sorry. in that case idk.
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.
"""...And what do I find out?! There is no [NAME]. This whole team is a god damn ghost town!"""
I'm sorry. That's awful
To this day, I get nervous reading anything with [NAME] name in it
This why we can’t have nice things! I would’ve beat him up for taking with my non-existent mans away 😤
Yea idk what to tell ya man sorry. Not sure why it’s doing that
Unreal. [NAME]- Expert level
lol @ additionally “learning” physiotherapy as if we DPTs/PTs didnt spend our own 3 years learning.
"I'll say no thanks to endangering others in traffic. And miss me with the ""I drive better while high"""
Ooohhh shit, they did *not* just say men should be decent human beings, they've finally taken it too far! Gather the troops! /s
Damn, 14 year olds in 2019 are bigger shits than I was when I was 14.
Damn, that was dirty.
I would point to [NAME] razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Ah I see, thanks. I struggle with the order of the sentences in English from time to time, so I'm glad for any help :) 
True enough, I just hope there are more reasonable people than not. 
I legitimately want to brutally murder this person for saying that about us autistics
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART
Because love is a lie and there is no happiness in the world
I'm so effin' proud of you! You handled it beautifully!
I thought that too, but I was wrong. And I know that full health is 170.
Nah, according to OPs limited post history, he's a pedophile. 
Nah no offence taken! Just trying to keep things civil HAHAHA, it’s all good my man. 
Thank you so much!
Lmao I feel you.
Does this really work? Any one else try this yet? I'm surprised I've never heard of this before thank you.
I can deal with pupper and doggo in moderation but heckin, hooman, fren all make me irrationally angry.
Now I see why it takes me 30 minutes extra to get home if I miss an exit.
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway
I know! BTW I love your choice of critter. Penguins are fabulous.
I pirated this movie last night and can confirm: it's truly awful. Not just lacking in good, but *aggressively* bad.
Maybe you should try watching it before commenting on it, otherwise your just posting from a position of ignorance. 
It started to compute for me when I was “right” all the time but never ended up getting what I wanted.
Lol [NAME] must have took [NAME] phone
I was just about to comment this. Do people think throwing an lol at the end of everything will just make it fine and dandy. Ridiculous lol.
I watch more Netflix on my phone than my other devices. And it looks incredibly amazing on my Samsung phone screen instead of my mediocre PC monitor.
Oh no brothers, absolutely no cheers from iraq
You bomb them and they come your way 'cause you're a real winner!/s
And trying to take [NAME] gun away. 😩 Like really people, it's his weapon, find yourself one and stop trying to teach him better
I used to feel like this. That’s a mental illness man
I don't think eating 4 eggs at a time is going to clog your arteries, unless you do it like 6 times a day
**Zigzagzigal-type Balance Suggeestions** - I feel like you are flying, why not get into a war with China who, because they had no alternatives.
No point trying to hang on to players who are not committed to the club. If this is true then good luck CHO, all the best. 
That’s fun.
The register entries have allot of interesting information, and basically served as the record of service for all personnel.
Eat too many whoppers and he'll be down with the sickness. Lma0 I'm sorry
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood
I’ve been abused enough by the Knicks today.
What a confession! Unbelievable!
Eat healthy, get as much sleep as you can, and wear a mask when the little one comes along.
After the first sentence you were my best friend. Then came the second sentence and now I really don’t like you.
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.
None that I know of. Any mental health issue needs to be cared for like any other health issue. Doctors and medications can help.
too much logic in there for remainiacs only interested in cheering for unicorns and insulting the british people.
Leave wet puddles everywhere!
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.
I love [NAME] but hate Royals and wow this version is so much better for some reason.
I'm not falling for this again Uncle [NAME].
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out
I would have preferred that. But he wanted the big party, which admittedly, was super fun. 
lol [NAME]
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..
I never understood the real harm until I started reading about childhood emotional neglect and how much it affected me. It's very common with nParents.
That looks like some pretty intense “homework”
Because it was a terrible idea.
They got ripped apart here (On Reddit) a few weeks ago for passing false information on aircraft videos and taking legit criticism poorly.
are u ugly?
Lol, that actually sounds kinda like [NAME]' rallying cry! 
Finishing peeing and then still feeling like you have to pee.
Congratulations to your organization for having good management.
If you've ever heard him speak on almost anything he's clearly extremely intelligent even if he's being crass.
She has a dirty mind perfectly fine looking cannon until she manifest the awkward scenario.
Confirmed that men are literally soulless, it's a matter until they start eating humans
I can see why! I would totally be offended too!
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. 
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof
Wow, great news bro!
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.
I hope Dallas gets close and loses in heartbreak.
As much as I would love this kind of support, I had beef with people over EVERYTHING
[NAME] left that on purpose. Would bnever have scored
inject that shit into my veins
I feel like the world just doesn’t want [NAME] to have the spotlight. This is torture for a [NAME] fan like me. :’(
> If this article was/is false then the poster should be banned for life Congratulations. You just fundamentally changed how internet works.
I wish that was a thing 😅
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.
Bless you.
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!
We're pretty spoiled in Halifax.
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.
This is why I clean my belly button every day. That’s disgusting
Ex Novo has a great one on their menu and probably open.
Yes, once I even deleted my account because I was so nervous about down votes. Lately,every once in a while I comment encouraging good attitude.
I took a picture of the sunrise this morning too. Just north of Austin. It was very pretty today.
Being approached isn't a license to act a racist fool yourself
No at that point you’re a POS, or just have horrible taste in women lol 
Bloody Peasant!
that's not what he's saying at that part
damn. Thanks!
Best day of the week!
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.
Ugh, I want to have his baby too...
Ha. She cried because you influenced it.
Oh i already watched the whole thing when it aired. That match was awesome! I just wanna rewatch the last 20 mins of the womens rumble
bruiser sylvanus is so op for the first 20 mins, its ridiculous. underrated support.
Her face oddly looks way narrower in this picture.
Yessir, it gives me the creeps. That boy ain't in Scotland, and that boy ain't right.
Touche lol. Ours usually comes back pretty quickly, I think this is the longest it's been out.
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid
Hard. Social anxiety/general fear/uggoness kept me from actually getting dates and i was extremely awkward when I finally stopped anxie-puking to actually go on the date.
2.5%? That not so great for [NAME].
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game. 
im glad that's not what the game is about then
Apparently government cares about the environment about as much as many of our neighbors.
Healthier and more disgusting.
I cant even deal with this you are fighting with someone over your inability to understand a sooooooooooooooooo is sarcasm. Get some help
Glad you learned from it m8 and hopefully you are doing okay now
Thank you. For what it's worth, I absolutely am an idiot. But I am making a valid argument within the context.
I would be surprised if [NAME] doesn't let you in. I would write a letter to [NAME] and explain the situation they might make an exception.
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.
"From ""woohoo!!"" to blood curdling screams in a matter of seconds."
How is ot unreasonable. You take responsebility for what you breed. This natalist perversion is disgusting. The product didnt fail you. You failed the product.
It's a bitter cycle
Good luck going to jail.
The good kind
Can’t relate
Impressive to have such foresight.
Meh, same branch of religion. Just opposing views on the sequel to the story.
I wish [NAME] was fit enough to be fourth choice.
Didn't u just say ur new to this? Why are you speaking?
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!
u/Mickster19 these are incredible! We gotta have this [NAME].
Don’t like blood of the dead by the looks of it.
Not exactly the cream of the meme crop there. And on a personal note I don't think ironically bad memes are funny.
I hope barely anyone watches it, it's so aggressive, full of cringe and makes him look childish
I absolutely did and loved every minute of it. I really do hope it gets more seasons
of course you agree. you post in r_braincels.
They announce they hate Brexit first
Well...yeah. It did.
I always thought the U was for urine .. well this is going to be awkward.
You're the best kind of person. I hope that you find great family and friends in your mother's family.
Thanks for sharing that info. I'll see how low I can go. Did you do a trade in?
4 lives essentially, its insane
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.
Sorry don’t follow you.
I guess [NAME] are especially good at making heaven sound boring 😂. I'm also an [NAME]
Headline had me thinking the guy was currently barricaded in a BK bathroom, demanding they give him free food. But no.
Yeah take it slow..I mean you waited 7 years you can wait a bit. Hope it will turn out good for you guys
I'm doubting the teeth cleaning.
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.
Yo your eyes are glued wide open like aderal and you move your head all the way back you are done
Which is exactly what ASIRT does...
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger 
In that case, I’m appalled. 
1. Well said. 2. I like your style. 3. Prove it.
Yup, it was a complete waste of time.
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].
Do as I say, Not as I do
The my bad thing is hilarious.
You are delusional if you think big oil and existing deeply entrenched and rich traditional energy can’t pay scientists more money than new renewable energy can.
My anger, up 50%. 
Sicko mode is on a whole new level, it cant be compared.
When people don't understand things they invent gods. how little we have changed in all these years.
I'm pretty relaxed thanks for the concern though
Instagram literally fueles my eating disorder, I can't have it. It is all fake though
Hmm. Never saw a COMMENT downvoted!
Keep defending their failures and advocating for people to stay silent and just lie down. Good luck with that, it's unfortunately working.
*blinded by the shill* I know like 2 people unfortunately..
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.
Nope, don’t even know what dart is. Sorry. And thanks!
that sounds absolutely adorable!! im glad you had those kittens there as a distraction :)
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!
You are retarded
Great story. Maybe it isn't malicious compliance, but I enjoyed it anyway. Damn companies who lack empathy for other humans.
He is like a bad cartoon that’s hard to turn off.
I'd say its higher tier stupidity because this belief actually harms people
These refs are [NAME] awful. Find a new job
Thank you for the explanation! 🦈
Damn who is [NAME] pissed at?
If they actually want to prevent abortions, they should be fighting for universal healthcare, comprehensive sex ed, and civilized parental leave policies.
Did you look at the picture that spurred this entire conversation, genius? 
It’s legal in TX but with restrictions. Traffic has to be moving slower than 15mph and the rider cannot exceed 30mph
Wow those fruit turnovers look delicious id defo pay 3$ to have one
That's far more expensive than, you know, recycling it...
This show has completely gone downhill, can’t believe I waited a month to be disappointed smh
Your market sucks
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on
And then they say, “HAHAHAHHA IT WAS RIGHT THERE WOW!”
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!
I love the creative writing that stems from this sub, so entertaining.
I don't believe they distribute to Austin.
Yeah, I don’t trust them either. 
I think he can be much, much better than [NAME]. No doubt. His length, good defense. We are talking about [NAME], right?
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives
[NAME] didn’t just fight dogs, he, personally, tortured them too. He isn’t a dog fighter, he is a sociopath.
You dirty scavenger
"What a fucking moronic jackass. ""This is what happened with my piece of shit dad so you have to experience it too"""
I don't know who that is so it wasn't intentional
I have and it didn't help. It's only a matter of time now for how long I can hold on.
Twilight... STILL a better love story than The Last Jedi!
"The Right: ""Why won't the left let us rape, abuse and brainwash children without putting their liberal noses where they don't belong."""
"""Holding [NAME] up like baby [NAME] would be a fantastic way to excite a fan base that’s been neglected for years."""
To drool on.
Damn its like that tv show on Netflix called You. Stay safe and hope everything works out for you.
your vehicle is pretty!
oh happy cake day
I'm just an idiot on the internet. I don't know a doggam thing.
He is and will be irrelevant. No worries.
Whatever you say, mate. Good luck trying to tell kids not to love their parents.
No I dont think I said that anywhere
"I didn't say ""do it for the children,"" but I understand if reading isn't a strong suit for you."
Wow guns and ignorance. What else is wrong with her?
Id buy those shoes and walk in the dirtiest places just to piss [NAME] off.
Dedicated agents will work without pay to see him hauled away in cuffs to visit his pal [NAME].
Lots, play store or apple store vpn. Nord is good
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? 
Thank you for understanding <3
I hope last night was fun enough to warrant the hassle today.
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.
[NAME] clan needs some fucking therapy.
Yes they do. Thank you for the idea!
Makes you wonder about the superbike which was going even faster..
Nice post here, dork.
I really only do this after a while if awkward silence, which may make it even more awkward tbh
I hate when people down vote to hell when someone has a different (yet valid) opinion
Damn... METOO
I really hope we win tomorrow. .500 halfway through the season would be insanely satisfying... also I want to win lol
This is an excellently written response, thank you for offering her your support. 
Sorry dumbass, the provision is for paid **training days** But nice try
Oh hey that's pretty cool!
Yeah no way random bubbling would get them the highest score. Even in a 50 question test the odd would be ridiculously low
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice
Hilariously wrong and uncontroversial.
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.
Done that. Body dysmorphia makes them look the same to me 🤷
I hope you bundle up too, Mr. President. 
This is how I know I'll have a good time!
So we’re reposting stolen jokes now... cool
Yep because running a blower for 5 minutes caused it. Not the millions of vehicles or factories we have.
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.
The second half of the game was a big disappointment for me. I really wish they kept the family around for much longer.
So I suppose they’re more like the flying monkeys than the wicked witch?
I feel like one day you're in for the shock of your life.
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.
Marketing! That’s a great word to describe what they do.
Sorry, no legal advice, but that really sucks and you have my sympathy. Best of luck and determination.
People are idiots! No one should shame [NAME] for doing her job as a mom! Shame [NAME] instead for putting her kids' life in danger!
Thank you - will await your PM.
I guess that's better. I think an important aspect of feminism is that it allows idealized women to be imperfect yet exemplary nevertheless.
Wolf does have a pretty nice ass in ssbu
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.
That was such a bad yellow, he had the height and positional advantage such a bad challenge
Im always worrying about the same thing, thats why Im always posting and within hours freaking out and deleting my posts 
Thank you kind internet stranger for listening to me. I feel a little less alone for the moment.
I don’t like [NAME] very much either, but she’s not a mess here. 
You are not intereating. You are an annoying cunt who should have never been concieved.
Everybody uses your back lane. You're famous for being the local bike.
That's great! You got this!
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead
Yeah, everyone goes through this phase during their Junior year of high school. 
That’s it! Thank you!!
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.
I have over 120 hours of play time and only have like 27 achievements 🤤😭
Nailed it! I'm sorry you've had to deal with it. This whole mess sounds awful.
Just rubbish.
Extol is the band that introduced me to progressive metal in the first place, still my favorite genre.
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.
You can call me a bitch, and it's cool because you also aren't expecting me to pay you for doing it.
we have a ghost who constantly knocks the ice bin off the top of the ice machine a few times a day everyday lol
This stuff is very effective tho its weird smoking the quarter of a gram gets you going
I think [NAME] has like a clothes/purse/perfume line. Don't quote me though.
Sucks to suck Ratbirds
Just subscribed! Keep strong bro focus on the end goal :)
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!
I’ve done pajamas before but I think sweatpants would be way too thick
I ate meat for 21 years of my life, been vegan for 7 now. This doesn't hold water.
Someone commented that it's like that friend who constantly talks about their ex, but insist they're over them.
The best music for the best voice....epic & timeless 🎶❣️
I feel shot in the heart.
Thanks for the recommendation! By this point I should just start a list. :D
Not really, it can bind *itself* (though not future incarnations) otherwise none of the laws would mean anything.
Thank you! Ill sign up as soon as its working! I checked it a few min ago and its still giving the error.
I have this too, so don't worry. We are not crazy. Just regular humans who happen to have an anxiety issue. 
i was just feeling it okay i knew it wouldn’t blow up!!!
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.
You can't control if you're nervous or not, but just know that you will absolutely be judged for it. Consciously or subconsciously.
I agree. She's a terrible model. I tried to get on board with her, but all her editorials in Vogue were so flat. 
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)
"Hence I used ""weird"". I know it's awkward, but it was indoctrinated into us growing up."
I look forward to it.
This was such a genius character. Even reading quotes makes me breakout laughing, every time
Downvoted before I realized what sub I was on
No one likes him enough to tell him he’s wearing women’s glasses
In our society it is more shameful to pay for sex, do drugs and to gamble than to praise the death of innocent innocent victims.
I care too much about what others think. Constantly trying to cater to their feelings or worrying about their opinions.
"I am sorry for offending you "" WoW yOu WoNt EvEn LeT mY cHiLd Go ThErE aGaIn"" how tf. Whoops didnt mean to reply lol"
I do crazy’ I love to clean man. Just have fun. Or at least try.
This has been largely disproven. [NAME] had no problem dropping the bomb and knew it wouldn't change the outcome of the war.
She should kick him out... next best thing from abortion.
I’m incredibly jealous of you and yours. Congratulations. Maybe someday I’ll have someone.. but I dream.
Don’t blame [NAME] there tf is he supposed to do if our wing can’t stay in front of their man
Who the hell thought he was dead, seriously.
"Now you ruined the surprise!"""
I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that tbh...
don't send that message
Tbh, that sounds better than lithium
I came here to say your third paragraph. Yes OP, this is good advice and you can probably find a job pretty quickly. 
What's worse is using self destruct without the pilot DLC. You just die :(
Stop saying generic hating sentences!
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.
Ad hominem. Ridiculous argument, not even funny or hilarious.
I think they'd do ok (Sorry but as an INTJ a lack of my thoughts here is also bothering me, too)
You're not kidding about the savage energy part. Just look at this man.
This probably not a good file to keep on your phone if you are accessing this from within...
Thanks! I'm going to Middlebury this fall but that's going on my resumé for the rest of my life tbh
.250/.330/.460 imo. And for a team who has had no 1B since Tex, this is more than fine. 
not having periods for sure
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. 
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.
[NAME] that is frightening...
Missed that part, but now I see where you are coming from.
I remember reading this on a rage comic site 7 years ago hahaha!
Immigrant children dying in state camps? Horrible. Healthcare for the poor and eldery? Also horrible! Got it.
Banning abortion causes way more harm than good and is evil to be against. Same with requiring suffering people to suffer. you seem evil
QP is either extremely depressing or absolutely amazing. There is no inbetween.
someone who believes in facts.... thankz, this was also my understanding of how income generation works on youtube
What a nice [NAME] sentiment!
That's what is so stupid about this. My dog gets dreads on its ass sometimes when it poops. Is that appropriation?
But also don't be so aloof that you don't want to help anyone.
That's got nothing to do with anything that's happened in this thread
I will! Thanks!
I love playing [NAME] against everyone. Main fire for 2 seconds, alt fire in the head, 100🔥 
that sounds disgustingly sweet and yet i want to try it
I hope [NAME] has something cooking. I wanted [NAME] back
You were inebriated and eating ratshit.
Theres nothing more despicable in this world than a carelessly brewed mug of chai brother. You gotta get with the program.
Give me [NAME]. We need some thump when we clear the benches.
Saddos??? And holy heck that laughing emoji, what a disrespectful sociopath. I'm so sorry you have to deal with her.
Same with [NAME], she’s simply stunning at any age. 
O no shes gonna go after mandy
Sorry for your loss 😣
WON ME 1K LAST GAME IN PARLAY!!
Lol! Nope. Any muscle in your body will shrink if yiu dont use it.
I sorry didn’t want to disrespect peep but as i said i needs to be dark and about something i like
Oh, so I can go straight to hell when I die? No thanks.
Sorry man, it's not gonna happen. The music needs to be remastered for vinyl specifically and that's more than your budget.
I’d add “can’t host” to the list haha
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle
I mean, yeah, I'd complain a little. But then I'd eat the crap outta that.
Ah, thank you :D
Maybe but kids and social media and cellphones in classroom, and a pervasive culture that glorifies sports over education are ruining our education system. 
I'll definelty look into this, thank you for the advice and kind words :) 
Thank you for your post. I will always treat him the same
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle 
Just hit Leichhardt! Well, the wind has, waiting for the cool now though!
A police response is probably justified for some of the larger spiders we have here.
I'm not even going to read all of that. It is not mindboggling AT ALL. [NAME] is a huge douchebag. The end.
"For a second there I read the subreddit as ""furry and sad"". Pretty disappointed."
Ah, alright. Solid lists, but I disagree with appointing a sitting [NAME] with only 2 years under his/her belt.
Thank you so much for this link, watching [NAME] was an absolute delight! 
Adults seem to get more huffy than kids, who do go to school on their birthdays.
That's a weird answer.
Glad I could help!
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest. 
>[NAME] Well he forgot to save me from the 'word of hella'.
This is so infuriating.
"Love the tilt away. ""nobody will know what I'm up to"". "
Surely it's *a* factor. It's just not sufficient. [NAME] had a good life before he went jihadi.
I was living for him. Now he left me. I'm not gonna live anymore.
You are BOTH awful people.
Nice find!
this 'bug' has caused me countless death... i always used rifle primarily and switched to shotgun after rifle shot
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.
My vanity point for my love for SS is that it has a lance lord.
I'm so proud to be british
There are no helpful ideas like the one you're looking for. There is only one idea... Tell your parents and get authorities involved.
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!
At some point in the season the whole bench is about to do it lol
"[NAME], I thought we warned you about trying to collect ""data"" from this place."
What the fuck did I just read?
I thought that phrase was only used for memes now lol at least that's what I got from Vic deals
That was his scripted job. Fake.
when only rich people got elected and passed laws...
I'm sorry. I wish I could give you more hopeful answers.
Discord. It’s there in the FAQ.
Cheers! Let's keep it going!
picked up a desk at a great price here. They have a good selection of furniture.
Wow, sorry, bruh. I didn’t realize we were in the presence of genius. Please elaborate.
Ooh wrong answer, but you'll have another chance to win 10,000 dollars in the lighting round! Will be right back after these messages.
QB Coach too? Shit..
Holy shit I’m stupid
^ I find both creepy tbh.
I mean, your account is a day old, so I think you’ll be okay.
That's pretty bizarre, BF4 has always had a strong
If I remember correctly, you can't edit a title. I'm not on the official reddit app though.
A year is way too short. You won’t know the impact of Brexit till 2030 really.
Pretty unlikely as those polls are worthless. Also there is no way GOP/Trump would have supported [NAME] over [NAME] if they thought he was the stronger of the two
They’re so angry!
Came here to say that. I'm genuinely astounded that it's as much as 12%.
I don't think eating 4chan pizza is a good idea. Unless you're into some weird shit.
Thanks! I'll work on this next time!
Doesn't look intentional though.
Hahahah that’s actually really funny no judgment here, do you friend
This is amazing dude, literally flawless work
Gotta admit, I chuckled at this one
Gotcha. Given how contentious even the top-tiers are, I wanted to play it safe.
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?
The mods deleted it I'm sorry
It's the top comment. How weird.
Yup. If they're brazen enough to not give a damn about the law, they're brazen enough to not care about public opinion on them.
Middle school. Puberty was rough for most of us. I was a victim and a perpetrator of a lot of stupid behavior in middle school.
School Board Trustees are leeches of the system in any district. It's the most unnecessary position that does nothing more than continuous damage.
I am also a doctor and his legs are in fact discolored. But seriously dude go to the doctor.
If this is a medical situation the analogy still applies 🙄
I don't know why he'd take it like that, he was gone for so long so someone was going to do a show like that.
It's a troll. Look at the history.
Here in the UK I’m pretty sure I’ve never seen a taco
[NAME], thank you, for being a friend.
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid
And in the worst fashion possible.
shut up LIBTARD you right now:🤯😭🥺
you have captured their ugliness perfectly . GREAT JOB
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him
That and useful idiots.
Colts Offense is laughable right now
Leave the guy alone he’s making sidewalk angels
He probably does, but people don’t speak Godlish very well.
I thought it was funny ‍♀️
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.
It's amazing that some people think that [RELIGION] will prevent all of this from happening.
Oooh, edgy!
Tbf I don't think you can get much snakier than wishing for someone's pet to die
Wow that's so lit🔥🔥🔥😂😂💦💦💦 im so proud of your autistic son for making it LOL OUT LOUD 👏👏👏💦💦💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏💦👏😘😘
(It was a joke)
Still love [NAME]. Gave his heart to the Broncos for many years. Hope he can go out and win himself another ring this year.
Everytime i see a T-Wolves game and i see [NAME] running around with the number 67 jersey on i just laugh
"we have a ""righty"" complaining about ""lefties"" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."
>It happens plenty. Good to know. I would have expected to see it on the wiki, especially if many atheists *do* believe in objective morality.
"Oh boy.. ""The Beginner's Guide"" game on steam had me messed up for a couple days.."
Remember the year “Song 2” was number 2? Good times.
You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy
Outwardly projecting someone you aren't internally sounds exhausting. Hopefully coming on here will provide some form of relief for you.
I'm hoping he's just gonna psyche people out like [NAME] did with [NAME].
Very true.
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.
Who is your least hated and absolute worst? (Outfit based only)
Either you're very high, or don't know how to construct thoughts in the English language.
They were talking about what they should call the 'not Constantinople' release in the meeting- its a crime that nobody thought of this.
that's one amazing thought! All the best! we are with you!
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.
The girl on the right got glass stuck in her leg poor girl
What I figured but needed some clarification. Thanks!
That's cause [NAME] really got his career ruined by injury.
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.
She must have a very boring life
I imagined a big last stand but it was just kind of a mess
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? 
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!
Bipolar symptoms tend to be very fun and exciting, but they can also be very bad and harmful. She should get some help.
Thank you, I know my OHIP Is up to date as I have my health card in my wallet and I updated it myself when we moved 
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.
That's what you get for not washing your mouth for months.
wouldnt like most of the pokemon fanbase be adults now tho
It's fairly good
Agreed, but it took me a while to understand that.
Free market healthcare. Check out what countries like Denmark can achieve in healthcare through taxation. Must be communist propaganda.
Thanks dude, palms were very sweaty lol
I use to work in an office near a 24hr McDonald's. The smell of the place when walking by at 7am was stomach churning.
"I will donate money to the ""Buy a striker fund"" [NAME] up top is beyond frustrating. "
I'm glad you managed to find your own fun and most probably made a big contribution for this great ending. The whole masked rogue idea was amazing
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it
[NAME] made that lmao
Wow your sister is in abusive relationship, cool. 
Another great bit on identity politics...
Oh ok sorry
My man!
Made me laugh, tbh.
I'm so glad not to have Publix in my region when I see this bullshit...even though *I* miss their subs too... Lol
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫
You must be really slow. Life must be hard for you. You have my pity.
TSM would be cool
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.
Typical humans, diminishing dog's accomplishments. 
This is very helpful, I'll dive into these links thanks
[NAME] plays well in Texas. So there is that.
That's gonna be a no from me dawg
No Deal has a decent chance of leading to Scotland and NI leaving and thus the end of the United Kingdom
FOOD POISONING BAD BURRITO
They are super super awkward.
I suppose the circumstances of it would chance things a bit :p
> I can't see a teenage girl naming her only son the same name that her baby daddy's actual wife's trueborn son is. /r/brandnewsentence
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.
Yeah, but geology doesn’t provide enough pumped hydro. Not enough places to do it.
I was considering making a post with the same sort of thing. Good luck with the hunt!
shouldnt be driving baked anyways. even if you think you can, gives us stoners a bad rap
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that
I agree she’s not fat, but that is Photoshopped and posed into oblivion.
I did the same thing in school. Thank [NAME] for the library. Are you anxious about how your brother and sister would react to that?
So birds and limes are bikes. Wow, TIL. 
Thanks <3
The only reason people are there is because they dont know [NAME] is fired lmao.
Honestly, it's a great sample of the world as a whole. One articulate person can steer an entire crowd of idiots to do anything.
"How the hell is that comment ""holding the GM accountable"""
This is disturbing.
I haven't seen such an unpopular hire since [NAME].
Me too 💕
Excuse me who the hell is that?
Wish i had more up votes for you.
Well, if that's how you always are, I can't imagine even wanting to be next you let alone have deer like sex with you.
Sorry *ss Crabtree is there so it's a possibility.
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.
I wish this was because he was being demoted and we were getting a new DC
I use to get this but now I just get ghosted.
I see this guy all the time. It has a great vanity plate to boot.
if it wasn't him it would be someone else she's wasting her life on
Don't worry, I forgive you.
You’re better off going to University
This bit was more fun than it should have been.
The fact that this hasn’t happened to [NAME] yet in this day and age is simply incredible.
Then they're the worst fascists of all time, because their critics have been extremely loud and public, while not being murdered.
I didn’t even realize it says it right there. Sorry
Thank you so much for the help 😊
I didn't know about this, thanks! Just signed up.
"I love this one too ""I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"" Men translate this into ""Pay me for sex"""
Block me,report me, do what you gotta do, you don't own reddit.
LOL SO RANDOM
[NAME] as Manly's top try scorer is pathetically bad.
Do NOT disrespect [NAME]. He is a beautiful, good man!. [NAME] is far from it and not near as pretty.
Ah okay, I'm sorry lol, I'm dumb. Thanks for your response.
Continue the positivity!
> You don’t get to whitewash Libertarianism’s racist roots. Please educate me on this or educate yourself:
There's not enough salt in the world for her!
Sounds like you might need some time out in the re-education camp. You are getting frighteningly close to realizing that our system is designed to keep you imprisoned.
Honestly, I really liked being 32. The 30s in general have been great. Happy birthday!
Many people from 2004 played Fortnite too. You know, because it's a good game and not everyone likes to hate on things arbitrarily.
That was the same sunset! Very cool, thanks for sharing.
Yeah, clear off. And tell your mates you had a horrible time too. 
I will mate. No worries.
Jokes on you I have one of those fancy electric toothbrush stands!
Im having a lot of fun, please continue the show
doesn’t mean you could assume you committed a crime
Nah halfway in the fight your shots were definitely not registering at all on him.. lol
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball
damnit i've been enjoying the mutual pisstaking with my Swedish mate
I can't tell if you're serious.
I like [NAME] better
._. yeah, the man is doing something wrong if we feel nothing.
Dear lord this woman is awful
Should be coming this year with MW4. It's now or never
Eh for the right money you cant go wrong letting the kid earn it
I wish to find my best one.
I am female. If someone approached me in a coffee shop who followed your above rules, I’d be giving out my number for sure.
Possibly. I just couldn’t go any further with it. Not after that.
Danggit. Im mad i didn't think of that
thanks! That helps
I am not saying that I think many of the latest disputes my husband and i have had ours for a little while longer.
Hit my head on a bench doing parkour. Looked like that lol
Good luck [NAME]
Wha? I'd love more background on this.
Don’t be ashamed of what you like. You have a good day, fellow redditor. 
Thanks for defending your tribe.
"Translation: ""I have no argument so here's a rude comment""."
Oh jeez I missed that :(
It is hard [NAME] damn work, making something this pretty look like a chump!
Luckily he is not.
Tbh as creepy as this post is I was way more sexually active back when I was 16-20 than I am today Kids are horny 💁‍♂️ Idk
Suck my good behaviour!
good luck getting them to understand that
[NAME], they deserve each other, but I don’t want this to happen because they would inevitably procreate and make stupid “boring” kids. 
I miss their 100 Octane petrol...
Thanks for your kind words, I really appreciate it and I hope you're right.
This is racist
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.
I hope he’s a hit for the contract he got. Looking forward to seeing him.
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!
Mug that fool
My bad sorry, what I meant to say is ‘for our winning season’ not ‘in our’.
"I'm going to use ""my dicky has to perpetually get sticky"" as a line to pick up ladies. Wish me luck, guys!"
Then just tell him to stop it if you don't like it.
I would tell her part of loving herself/her body is taking care of herself. Speaking as a recovering obese person myself.
I LOVE google voice! IT's the only way I can get my parents to reply to anything!
Lol what an edgelord
My husband died outside the church Damn Vampires
Nope nope nope
Funny how [NAME] only lies when you want him too,amazing.
The BrokenMachine has one of these videos but I'm definitely going to watch yours. Thank you for taking the time to do this.
So edgy.
Haha I've never seen a BritSovcit video but now I'm gonna have to check some out
And yet he's still plummeting in popularity, even now. No he aint babe.
If that’s true, and I’m inclined to agree, term limits are a bandaid on an open chest wound. 
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.
Sounds like you are dealing with some difficult mental health issues. Parents generally love their children. maybe try to talk to them??
> its exactly the opposite of what I do to get a girl in the mood This is super creepy
That looks disgusting.
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!
RNG gear is a solid no from me.
normal looking guys thinking about the weekend, while ugly guys thinking about tongue position, mewing, and item #45 on todays Self Improvement checklist. lmao
This is not a good formation. We’ve been over this. It just ends up being crossed lobbed into the box by [NAME]
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis
:) thanks on behalf of kiwi. He’s quite handsome.
The amount of times this happened during the first tides of war event, smh.
Expect a bunch of bugs as a reward.
That one is pretty obvious
Missing this roster 😢😢😢
That would be terrible. I liked the way private Practice ended (more or less) so hopefully [NAME] doesn’t go for something cliche.
You're welcome! And whoops, my bad. I did not know that, thank you. I edited it up above.
bargaining chip for what? The 25% tariff increase is not big enough of a bargaining chip? lol
Great place and they're super sweet. Happy to support them.
Couldn’t agree more with you. Thanks for this post!
I had a fleeting thought that he sent a letter to Penthouse Fourms...lol!
Good. Stay the fuck away.
This sucks so much and I’m sorry. I hope you recover and have a wonderful life.
She's a moron for running out in traffic. Deserved all she got.
Right? If I worked 75 hour weeks I'd want more than a damn gift card to a coffee shop
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂
Lol no.
Holy shit they fornicate like rabbits!!
Ah I love IDLES! Both their albums are absolutely amazing. [NAME], [NAME], and Well Done are some of my favs
WHAT THE FUCK
You smug fuck
why would you have kids? why would you chose not to be with that girl with big boobs? you dumped her?!
Keep dreaming. He isn't coming to this black hole of an organization.
We’re honestly not doing that bad besides [NAME]. Clear pen, unlucky. Let’s hope for the best in the second half
Seeing something like this without the usual “Wii music” is so... odd
Thank you for sharing your perspective, and talent.
For real I thought that shit was on loop lol
The drop is the best part of the rollercoaster! :)
If he's still blaming [NAME] for his issues, the therapist is doing a bad job.
I had 175/1 back in March. About to go to Vegas again and it will be disappointing to only get 12/1 this time.
Ah. Not on either of those. [NAME]! ::goes back to stalking profiles::
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.
Why the fuck do people have these conversations in public
It’s insane how [NAME] hasn’t been carded yet
Wouldn't it just be enough to be really interesting is to go through the arguments. However, I would guess this is the most symmetric of these.
If you love the mountains, you should really check it out. The valley can get pretty smoggish in the winter, but usually it's beautiful.
I'm too late to rub this into all the casual's faces. :(
I feel so guilty that this picture exists. I feel like I need to donate to charity after this.
That extraterrestrial little grey creatures don’t exist? That’s definitely a fact but I’m very open to any evidence/proof of the contrary lmao.
Thanks for that. Never really investigated mechanism of it. Seems to be familial as father has it too. Otherwise normal.
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times
Okay thats cool I was asking because I didn’t know y’all better stop downvoting me
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)
Good for you!
"If that's a euphemism for ""emotional thinking"" then I agree with you"
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.
Season 2 just started and as a huge TNG fan I can definitely say the first season is the closest I've ever seen to another season of TNG
What you fiend!!!!! But seriously, how do these guys feel about animals fucking then?
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!
That’s gonna be a no from me, [NAME]!
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???
This should be everyone's wish.
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.
In hindsight, yeah, but we had a healthy [NAME] at that point.
Especially because [NAME] best piece of comedy on the whole show was her impersonation of Shangela's [NAME].
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.
Nope. This guy is legitimately this dumb.
Yes, clearly u/backwoodmenace was repeating misinformation intentionally.
I love artic blitz personally
The thought that the armed forces of the US unironically use it is hilarious.
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..
Because they don’t want to pay for [NAME]
I will pay to watch a garbage commercial if [NAME] in it, I don’t even care. He’s way too fine.
Thank you, LimbRetrieval-Bot! 
The forgotten [NAME]? He's pretty good on the Flash as [NAME].
I want it!
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊
Don't fucking disrespect the World's Largest Love Machine ever again
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here
Okay, thanks for the clarification!
In my day I had to wait 20 minutes for the internet to load a single porn pic. But man I miss that dial up sound
That would be awesome
I didn't knew people can be so bad until I met a few people online.
Yessss thats it ...thanks
So, the cops raided my favorite massage parlor today.
Man, [NAME]. What a shame that trainwreck turned out to be. 
Maybe I’m an outlier, but I don’t find that contract to be outrageous for what the player is worth.
I'm pretty sure [NAME] was just joking. Not really sad cringe.
I like to believe he faked his own death, so he can enjoy his many Bitcoin coins and wealth. 
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.
My DVR did the same thing as yours Damn them.
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift
No I made the best of it, we had so much fun. Can’t wait to go back! 
aha American Sniper, movie genuinely moved me.
I'm hoping that the TTK might help. He's really bad at R6 for the most part.
There are [NAME] fans on this subreddit. Awesome
What the hell kind of useless annoying bot is this? Beep boop off to hell bot
Ok, then what the actual fuck is your plan?
I am hopeful that it will win the Oscar for best animated picture and renewed interest will lead to more 3D screenings.
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.
Hey. Maybe talking can help you last till then. What's bothering you?
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.
Unfortunately there are also far less/weaker unions now too
HOW DARE ANYBODY CRITICIZE YOUR POST IN THE CONTEXT OF YOUR POST HISTORY! RECOGNIZE HIS PRIVILEGE PEOPLE!!
So glad I moved here.
The rich are horrible, horrible people..... and yet we keep voting GOP to give them more tax breaks, the hell is wrong with us?
I don’t think his clothing was so tight when he purchased it..
Banner price is down to 100k donuts. And I still don't have enough..... (sad face)
I'm excited for them, but I can understand why anyone wouldn't be. They both use the fighting styles of characters who are already in the game
Thank you for telling me !
Not true for a lot of people but [NAME]
Tfw when not only is it tiny, but it’s damn ugly too. :( 
Shut up [NAME]
That’s strange logic that it triggered you.. they will use any retarded attempt to hoover you he probably hoped you would notice and get triggered by it.
Because teams do dumb things when they’re desperate.
Cordovan in the mech with the loudspeaker really makes me smile. It is just so bonkers. I love it.
America v Necaxa Was postponed till March. America doesn't play until next Jornada 2
Love me some Clash
Mob mentality makes it worse. Four man SWF groups are generally, by far, the most toxic people in the game. 
Man, I remember when we were utter pish. Those were not happy memories.
This dog is so cute
In the short term, yes. 
Haha exactly right!!
as someone who is a big save the earth guy this is truly awesome and makes me proud to be a fan of the yankees
That was brutal.
I wish to join you on the search, as a source of motivation and friendship (sorry if that kinds led you on)
This is the single dumbest defense out there for aim assist. This shit is just retarded.
You contradicted yourself
[NAME] is worse because he’s all of those things plus he took out my boi [NAME].
I take Yaz to treat PMDD and it has minimal side effects for me: no acne, no weight gain, no babies. I hope this helps!
But really though, it really contextualizes how bad this coaching search has been that the Rams' QB coach is the only guy we can be optimistic about
I can't even imagine the stupid tattoo I'd have if I got one at 15. Probably like a Red Bull logo or something
So it isn’t pretty much the same? Glad you think I’m right then.
I hope you enjoy it!
Welcome to non union states!
This is the best thing I've ever seen on Reddit
The worst thing about this tweet is how many likes and retweets it got
That solves it. Thank you!
That's a succinct explanation thanks!
And maybe one day you'll be able to afford one, but until then continue being an edgy teenager whining about the war on drugs. 
No that was my cyst that got removed today lol
Just cleaned my room
I actually enjoy watching this while eating
Our country is in no way, shape or form ready for the risk of a giant inflation wave.
What a disgusting pair of human beings, if you can even call them that
If there's evidence besides say-so, chances are better.
The EPA allowed DuPont to use a chemical that literally kills people in their nonstick pans. They can be bought too unfortunately.
we got good at breakaways!!
If we backed a second referendum and the Lib Dems were at 10% I'd be pretty annoyed to be honest. Cheeky sods.
Thanks! I like your advice. I'm a mom too. I was even smaller after she was born than before my pregnancy. Weirdness.
haha I'm guessing she doesn't spark joy for you, so you can let her go 
I thought it was like a fake url sorry
“Fall in love with at least one physical, one artistic, and one intellectual pursuit” — This is great advice! Thank you 😊
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.
Shit, they don’t go down!? That blows 
Bidets are disgusting. In america, we use toilet paper because our plumbing systems can take it
This is a reliable estimate. It could happen as early as in the 2020’s if were unlucky
Best person available on DL or OL, CB if the two positions mentioned do not justify the pick. Trade back if we miss on all 3. 
I really love this title.
Well in that case you should just tell other people I guess. And welcome to Reddit.
No, but you wouldn't believe what I'm not tired of seeing...
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.
I enjoyed this TED talk.
dude, your mom is a fuck-nugget, i’m so sorry you’re dealing with this 
You’re braver than me, thank you for your service O7
What a waste of money and time
Idk [NAME] is my vote bois
Oh we're doing this again huh
I'll try. Thank you.
Yeah that was his mistake
I’ve seen him on the facebook page! Thank you!
"""PPG Paints"" arena or whatever it's called now is worse"
well the irony is that felons are discriminated against, even non violent offenders.
The Chargers defense looks impossibly bad
Still won the race though ha who’s a failure now
That actually makes sense, thank you for answering my question. Did you try training your dog?
lol eat your own farts Trumpkin
Honestly I can't see why not. Tho I'm a bi male so I don't know if it's valid haha
Sew up that cockholster son, no one gives a fuck.
"My work days are usually similar....but even the ""good morning"" is hard for me to initiate some mornings. I feel your pain!"
Now THAT'S a victory royale :)
I miss my Shrek Ghrok :(
Since [NAME] are technically [NAME].
To make money from money is disgusting and is screwing up the economy.
Your right thanks
How exciting.
Congratulations on your appointment to such a prominent position! I was a huge fan of Utah when I went, the canyons are sick. GO KNIGHTS GO 
Hopefully they won't try to blame the trucker.
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?
Gas Crisis. It’s the best episode of all time.
Wow, that sounds like it could be great.
Thanks, now I can get back to the actual content
My kids did, I’m sure! I hope this card enjoys the bottom of my trash can. 
Dumpster fire. I cant quit you Edmonton!!
He said some facts and you accused him for being 50c. From his tone you can't even tell he's a supporter of CPC.
And that wig is awful
The only thing that stops a bad toddlers with a gun is a good toddler with a gun.
yeah, thanks
But once it's born, if its parents can't afford food, shelter and medical care, it can go fuck itself.
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me
Fine as long as the experience is not frustrating. Problem is not balance problem is it’s not fun
People working in hospitals are seriously under appreciated.
Pig Latin kills me internally this is why plastic surgery exsists.
I spent a week in Ottawa one night. Amazing architecture but awful, filthy, drug infested city. Terrible ppl and a dirty trash hole.
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.
Damn it. Don't mention [NAME]. Just makes me sad thinking what could have been.
Inland Empire must be objectively the worst film ever then.
I hated doing group work. Unless groups were assigned I always went by myself.
Looks like she admires [NAME]. Its just drag.
I'm personally curious why we didnt get a video bit from him. Is he natty or bust? His stuff is great
Can relate. The spirit kept telling me to move to the Morridor. Total decade+ long disaster in almost every way. Shoulda stayed where I was.
toy has lost its value
Yeah, Inbox didn't have those so I forgot all about it until they killed it.
That doesn’t help people in market though.
It can't be, I won't believe it.......this is some antivawers bulls**t xD
Yes!! Im always horny when I am with my BF, but right around ovulation, I am super horny!
We smart apes
I have a wery gweat frwiend in Wome, you know. 
bro if you can't hold your pee for 30 min, you should go see a doctor
Scared? A little bit. It's more of a simmering disgust at this point for myself.
Some folks are just bitter and taking it out on the world right now. Don't give into their idocy, keep up the good spirit!
Bitch yes!
My best friend waited 5+ years for her boyfriend in prison to come out. Two days before coming out, he dumped her.
Sounds like you need to get some help /s
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]
Wait, did this really happen? I'd like to see that video so I can cringe some more plz.
Hot take: [NAME] sucked after he went away to anger management and he suddenly changed into a moron who was completely incapable of doing anything even remotely correct.
[NAME] has stated that he's open to decriminalization. It's up to the legislature at this point.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
He is such a cutie, I had no idea he was polish 
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him
Showering with someone feels more intimate than sex for me...and I don't like it.
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.
I'm doing a lot better. It means a lot that you checked in on me. Thank you!
My whole life’s been a lie
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'
Definitely. I find if I don't exercise for a few weeks I'll gain a few pounds quick..
The douche is strong with this one.
No that's stupid
Never. I miss the opportunity of leaving earlier than I did. That’s about it.
Create new holidays. We need a Ralsei day where we celebrate fluffy bois.
The guy with the camo comment is correct. r/woosh
Well I am happy you believe that.
Beautiful and thank you for the inspiration.
[NAME] campaign donation at work apparently. Sure didn't take long.
I love how nobody posting here to decry the buzzfeed article is using their actual accounts, they’re all throwaways. Cowards. Just like your felonious President.
I absolutely think this is possible, and for the good of our team: *TOLES FINDS DEM HOLES!*
My t levels are normal. Doctor thinks its my low carb diet but I dont buy that
Happy for you!
My god. I'd place that upside-down on the table and walk.
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...
she seem immature, playing mind games. I would be direct and if she still keeps playing games let her go. seems like an attention seeker.
[NAME], someone get her a green card so she can clean rooms at the Super 8 and stop obsessing on social media. 
I am so sorry for your loss and all the stress you have right now. All the internet hugs you want right now! <3
AMAZING!! I can’t wait for your talking head!
Careful, he's a hero
don't worry, the funding will arrive the year after!
You fruitcart, you oughta be ashamed of knowing that, let alone expecting anyone else to know.
I like how the last picture is of [NAME] beaming smile and not even so much about the tattoo at all.
His Batman/TMNT book is a really fun read with great art.
I doubt that [NAME] cares.
Fuck
That’s awesome! Hopefully the sanity keeps up
You have more patience than I do.
Exactly, I remember loving those videos but I was also like 12
Mine is when my husband says our daughter’s emphysema is acting up. No, husband. Her eczema is. 
Thanks [NAME], very cool.
I'm sensitive! :'(
Gang beast is really only fun with friends
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.
Yeah [NAME] has won worlds
I didn’t like that blue & yellow until you said [NAME].
That's not what diffusion is at all smh
5 is absolutely average. 6 would be kinda cute but nothing special. Kinda annoys me that so many people rate 5 as being lowkey ugly lol
Sorry, an errant surge of frustration 
Ah, I work 9-5 :( but I appreciate the invite!
What? No deal, abort, abort!
[NAME]! Big fan of your graphic novels!
This is damn sick. Has almost a vapor wave feel lol.
This is r/tifu. If you're not caught jacking it into the turkey, you're doing it wrong. 
The Dude looks great. I always get worried when I see [NAME] play these haggard characters. But he's just that good.
How about dumb trolls like you who only repeat your own stupid narratives and word-bending 24 hours a day
Compelling argument, in line with expectation
You want forgiveness? Stop spamming.
I GET BY WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS
That game was great. THOT, be gone...
No room. Get lost. I cc u!
Calm down.
Lol, what?
This is why I worry about you sometimes
SHE MAKES ME CRINGE :(
> I think [NAME] is the best QB Prospect since Luck 😐
Having read the entire article, and some of the other FAQ, the only thing this is telling is that [NAME] read the same book very differently.
I'm ordained. When's the wedding? 🙋 This is a terrible idea. I don't know what I'm doing.
Great. Then he can levy a fine against person who took the photo.
Hope he's ok, the game needs more people with names like [NAME]
Couldn't agree more
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing
Orange fan sad. :(
U get an updoot from one sad person to another
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.
You can't freely make a decision when your opinions are a shitty contract or life on the streets. That is not freedom.
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.
Dude don’t even trip. [NAME] is the shit. I also have a soft spot for [NAME] if you’re into her at all lol
thanks, i didn”t think of it that way but i guess it”s true
My bf uses profanity, and I don't care. There's no reason for misogyny though.
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.
I feel awful posting it, but I couldn’t not share :|
I'm sorry, but that poor kitty looks miserable.
I adore Brutus and Pixie!!
me. i’m the problem. i don’t think anyone can help me anymore.
I feel personally attacked.
Thanks I got sorted here anyway.
Whatever you do, respect the kids' genders.
Don't see it at all, but she's cute with the freckles
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!
His eyebrows are too precious
I was rooting for the saints. There’s no way in hell the rams will beat the patriots
My family never cared enough, I wish they did...
Nice, but everyone deserves the best.
The only way this is OK is if their kid made it for them. But then you feel bad for the kid. Lose lose..
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.
This is his worst season since his rookie year
I’m so jealous
I still rock my Casey Hampton pro bowl jersey!!
I really liked this but holy shit I miss my AR shots compared to like 1440 or even 1600
You guys are heading toward healing, that's amazing.. Is it possible that you are wishes on true healing 
This is my favourite movie. Not enough can be said for [NAME] acting. One of the best things about it.
This sounds like the kind of comment my weird uncle would leave on my Facebook post.
I know, I know. I wish Reptile had a better fate. 
I did that, I asked for a white doctor and they gave me a list of black doctors.
Will come back rich and driving his goddamn Bentley
Try some other banks, maybe smaller ones, and good luck! Maybe get that deposit up a bit more, and borrow less.
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight
My balls are telling me it’s a 2nd, but I like the feel of your balls lmao
Thanks to the way our society has perverted it
Clean your room, bucko!
Yeah I'm gonna do that....Thank you...she just doesn't like the feeling of condoms but i dont care need to put my foot down
nice try buddy
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really
"Three words, no subtlety. ""Dude. Stop. Seriously."" "
To be fair he probably is saying that.
It’s really 90%, which is what the customer is told. Corporate isn’t real smart when it comes to signage. 
All is well! Think I got one sorted out with one of her family members. Thanks for your help!
You’re an asshole.
Fucking fuck! 2 (or more) sets of fucking socks in fucking sandals.
Definitely valid in my case. But let's remember our friends who have had or are currently having a rough time when it comes to family life, as well.
Holy crap! A stunning play by mentally ill newcomer u/justforyouthlogic
I’m not listening to a fucking plant.
No Mayo No Care.
I didn’t realize! I’m pretty new here. Should I check the website?
Thanks man, hope the holidays were good to you and yours. 
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.
[NAME] has turned into one of the NBA's great actors
I won't stop crying 😭
I think those red hats increase their IQ by -1
I feel fantastic
I'm all for not getting too crazy because we've had a rough stretch, but [NAME] scoring twice hurt. A lot.
Nah we love telling people to post hog, you're just making our day better.
I might be able to help. A/S/L?
Ya see I’m an engineer that means I solve practical problems.
Dutch bros made this a legit drink. It’s their cold brew steamed I believe. Edit: spelling
I am so so happy for you. <3
Yep, they’re women’s shoes!!
Great idea! :) I'd be happy to give her a good reference!
Why tho... I don't understand why I like this so much
DON'T DO THE TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES LIKE THAT THEY DON'T WANT HER EITHER BRUH
Thanks [NAME].
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday
When I looked at the picture, I thought for a moment that I was looking at a junk yard.
Are 3.0 still active? I was really hoping they would have gotten signed after their tryout camp a couple years back.
How disgusting. Those vile people can burn in hell!
Become proficient with firearms and learn a second language if your in the us I'd suggest spanish
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.
Have a good day at work bud
Oh lord that's nasty. Guess I'm getting some fried chicken tonight.
If only someone would love the septuple-PhD in the galaxy for her mind.lol
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????
Oh god dammit I've been bamboozled, I fell for the b8
just fed up of reading subjective opinions be paraded as fact that he was the worse ever.
Science has its role in a society. It should serve that role. It should not try to usurp morality, spirituality etc.
Yes! I used to do this all the time actually, especially go to the mall alone. It was actually really nice.
I honestly can’t keep a secret but I think that’s because I’m a Chatty [NAME], not because of my gender. 
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.
Aww thanks :)
I must go, my people need me
Incredible work and very unique, good for you
Best description of online dating ever
I will tell my NP he may have inspired pancakes in someone's future :)
Ah, the movies are fine. It's pretending they're a profoundly trascendental form of art that I find ludicrously funny.
I hope that's all it is. Didn't see him take a hit or anything.
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!
This was good. I’m not the OP, but thanks for posting.
YOU STOLE MY GODDAMN COMMENT! <3
You had a tough childhood :(
No,not a fan of cigarettes
It wouldnt. Legalization would drive consumers towards legal vendors.
Ha at least you’re in on the joke.
Love it. Be well [NAME]
Pretty sure that had been upped to at least 10k subs. It actually might even be higher now.
I like the pig because shes stealthy
My mom likes to use the word, “tripolar” for me and it’s aggravating. 
What in the bipolar hell is going on? Yikes
"""Stay in your lane, bro."""
Yes, listening to loud noises can damage your ears. Temporarily and permanently.
Trying to read that made me feel like I just huffed formaldehyde amd mercury
Agreed. How do you feel about the rumors that he doesn't pick any girl as an endgame?
This is one of my favorite threads ever.
I don't know why but every time I see a meme telling me how good I am it doesn't do anything and doesn't make me happy
San Diego is fucking awesome! This is coming from someone who lives in arguably the best place to live in Canada
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming 
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot
It is really boring. There is a culture in church, but it is essentially soulless and is really only weirdness with a heaping of superiority complex.
I love those moments
I could never deface my car like that omg
This hurts to watch
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.
What a legend.
"No, it was believed that the baby absorbed maternal traits because the mother was the ""soil"" the ""seed"" grew in. "
That's pretty funny imo
*me trying to get it* OH!!!!!!!!!!
I did the Karl's Corner VIP package and it was great. There was a mini Weezer museum and I met [NAME]! And saw [NAME] from afar.
This is horrible
I wish I could be you. Our thing is dragging on forever and I’m heartbroken af.
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.
I was fine until I got to the ICU.
That gives you zero right or say over what someone wears. You are wrong.
Such an ignorant comment, his reasoning is public information and is right
Nah, you’re totally one of those MAGAmers. Your comments could’ve come straight out of the subreddit.
That's how I apologize to carists, too
Thank you much! At least it's just hair, it'll be back
Yes, I do. I'm open to dating from anywhere- friends of friends, nights out, online. 
The least offensive example of anyone I've seen telling me to go fuck myself.
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.
I sleep alone on the floor. That was a bad idea...
Spoiler alert, it's terrifying and depressiong
Great post - much appreciated. Gave me some good points to ponder.
I think they're doing it so they can ignore the fact that [NAME] served [NAME] to champions at the White House lol
my little abomination
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub
No, it makes it better.
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/
That’s the most badass joke I’ve heard
Good luck!
I want to die
I mean all marxist obviously praise [NAME], and would hold meetings with [NAME].
it's a damn shame.
I can’t wait to try the cleric class again!
It's easy to overthink things online, I'm glad you gave him a chance.
I actually feel assaulted by this video.
Glad to hear it has kept going strong. And employed your dad for that long.
Oh got it
Oh no the poor man
Let me translate: No. Find them yourself. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them think. But thank you for describing yourself.
> lack of diversity in the cast now that's a new one lmao
> In some, cops fire blanks in the hall to simulate an active shooter scenario. That's incredibly stupid, and serves no purpose.
Saved this. Not OP but I feel like you just threw me a life jacket. Thank you.
Oh, well, you again I tried some stuff, people ignore me anyway
Gonna have to say no on the last sentence lol
I mean some of that is probably true. What a weird situation.
"""These people didn't go to my church therefore they are demonic"""
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight
I'm sorry you're going through that, I wish I could help somehow :c.
So she goes to her little boy instead of doctor, I hope?...
I buy and sell iPhones and January has been slow for me too. Good luck to all of us.
Good job, white truck! Don't use the damn shoulder to pass!
I’ve thought about journaling. I think I’ll give that a try sometime soon. Thank you for your words my friend
I'm the same. I prefer sad depressed dudes and idk why. I know I like taking care of people though..
I wish the double down would leave *me* out of this! My poor stomach. Once was enough.
Nice play! But, why would u play [NAME], in tribute?
I think this divorce is planned so that people will stop pointing fingers at the insane rich person robbing the wealth of the people.
Anywhere skytrain wants to expand my tax paying dollars will be ok with it.
Because prostitutes clearly can't be raped or kidnapped. It's so horrifying that our society still believes this.
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again
I can't help it when everyone just loves us ¯_(ツ)_/¯
I prefer men under 5’10 but I’ve never heard anyone piss and moan or call *that* discrimination.
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.
Yep, just PC this time, sorry
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.
That’s what I thought. With 4 out of the 9 still on the show, I just can’t call it accurate at all.
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.
Yeah you're right, I mistyped it. Should have said after 1st and after the 2nd. There's none after the 3rd.
This aged poorly
Yeah, it’s interesting how I’ve had conversations on the overground but not the underground. 
Don't worry, he's getting Karma.
I know it's easy for me to say because it wasn't me but money is money. We can always make more. Really sorry dude.
Most of the people on top aren't even very relevant anymore, at least not nearly as relevant as they used to be
Aye the party left me. Now I'm stuck in with this old boys tadger staring me in the face.
He can't rescind. What a dumbass
That's an interesting way to do it. I might come off as a little crazy, but this would definitely be an interesting experiment. 
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(
"Read it again. Your response shows you didn't understand what I said. ""YES"" = yes you need a degree."
This converstaion reminds me of this old [NAME] cartoon. Apparently some people were upset by it.
[NAME]. I just want you to have a great stat day.
She was walking like that shoe was up her butt at the club. So tacky and just nah.
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time
Also, they ruined Top Gear but that’s a whole other issue.
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.
that's awesome!
Not cool Op...not cool...
I can only imagine the mud butt that comes with a bowl of DQ chicken and DUMPlings
This is the same woman who fought tooth and nail to have wrongful convictions upheld while she was a prosecutor; she craves tyranny.
It’s a substitute teacher. She should know to stay in her lane.
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight
A news source putting out sponsored news is inappropriate. Stop reading BBC i guess
Not only do they make me cringe, I become angry because usually or is my nmother and her flying monkey daughter posting them. Just horrible.
Short answer, you can’t. Your making that sacrifice
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.
Yes! Im glad you see where he got that n-word take from 😂😂
I am trying so hard right now! LOL!
it's ok to need an equal partner
None of the [NAME] said please or thank you to the waitress
"But terrible people is my ""type"""
I hope this season [NAME] wins everything:
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.
I enjoyed [NAME] intermission report where he was very low energy until the end when he squeaked out a HI MOM =D because he's the best
very psychiatric of you nul points from me but the whole of reddit will be proud!
I'm too stupid to understand what you're saying
I believe if under 6 months you'll get it all back in the end.
sorry should clarify ... have dinner / drinks and then go our separate ways to other events that night.
This is the technically correct answer, but it still sucks considering how much of society rides on women managing their menstrual cycles.
Hi, [NAME]! I am stopping by to wish you the best day, and the best year! -HappyFriendlyBot
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. 
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.
You're gullible enough to believe them.
WYA? I'll come through.
That’s what they said when the provincial election for Ontario happened too Then [NAME] begged on tv, that low life. Good luck! 
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.
I love this!! And it’s so true
You conveniently ignored my response to this naivety when you said it before.
Agree! Poor girls! They seem so sweet.
SWTOR is horrible when you want to play together with someone. So many parts that you can't join in on.
yes, very sexist
This is disgusting.
Does anyone here think this will actually turn the Jet's around? I feel like this is the worst shit ever.
im sure it's a real slap in the face
Well that was disheartening.
I pray that you will have strenght to fight for yourself and go NC.
I'm more annoyed at the Labour MPs that didn't vote for it - I expect more from them
Sounds like how I brought in the new year. 3 arguments and counting.... thank [NAME] there is work tomorrow
The SNP were, I remember [NAME] stridulating about it at conference, but I don’t think it was a go-er.
Why everyone mad i think it was a joke .people these days over sensitive my [NAME].
God damn I miss this game!
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours
Just because you stopped to let me cross doesn't mean the other 3 lanes of cars did.
Damn it, now that he's out of prison he's unqualified to work for the [NAME] administration. 
Apart from the attempted basketball pass he's been great
"[NAME] is like ""Mine! AALLL MINE HAHAHA"""
Great minds more like... And youtube suggestions.
THANK YOU ROY! i was just about to say, how are they just discovering [NAME] being british.
It wasnt a terrible idea until [NAME] got injured and [NAME] got complacent
Seriously! Such an odd way to ask a question about traveling.
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!
Would need the #1 overall in 2 years... should try to get a first in next years draft for AB and hope that team tanks
They aren't horrible in the least bit. Just learn from your mistake, remember, and move on. That's all you can do.
B plug? What the hell. Use an A plug or you're never going to become doctor some day.
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. 
That's the kind of problem a physical therapist is more qualified to handle. Good luck
We need more vowelled insults so you can spell an Acronym with them
It's an underrated drama which just got snubbed on [NAME]
r/suddenlytrans? This is totally a joke I'd make if I grew
Long hair for guys should happen more, it looks cool *and feels nice too*
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.
Spice Burger. Delicious!
Im sure shell last 5 min
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.
Oh....yuck
You look so happy now 😍 Hope you are doing well and that you get everything good you deserve. ❤️
>the ad, which has been both criticised and applauded Applauded by non-customers. Criticized by customers.
I want G League over here in Spokane so bad!
That's called lust, and is completely normal. Just dont get obsessive and do things to keep you busy and dont be afraid of them feelings 
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.
Geez those heroes..
>I think this is the same for most people. Exactly.
I've read the series through 4 times. There is literally zero reason to believe that.
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME]. 
Well, you stopped coming on CV. Now I am left alone to fend off Agent debaters.
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE
Just learn to talk to yourself like [NAME] and you'll only be a little lonely.
Don't ask women for dating advice unless you are a woman. The answers you get will do you no good.
lonzo can be special but teams just aren’t as patient anymore
Your body, your choice. Sorry it had to mean the end of the relationship. But it's better now rather than later as tensions grow. 
[NAME] is insane! Better knuckle skills than any rider ever. I sure hope he has a speedy recovery from his crushed kneecap!
You can start your life over any time you want. I think the secret is to not let failure keep you from trying again.
Ugh sucker punch
It's interesting, if this was about invasive food smells in an apartment this conversation probably wouldn't be happening.
Feeling bit better now, but the feeling as a whole will come back I know.
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much
I love snow! It means snow days!
1) I think my least favorite thing our kid has done would be spit up in my mouth. 2) Vomit is worse than spit up
I really want [NAME] out of these two, but I’m curious who he would tap as OC.
Yeah I could not even do that I could not move my leg to the side
Extremely painful to watch
That is SO cool
I’m more worried about the dude getting pissed all over my shoes
Fruit is byfar the worst of all flavors
Just be yourself lol. Some girls find awkward/goofy cute 🤷🏻‍♂️
Nobody actually likes tiktok adverts
Goodness, don't say that. But then, if that half is the one that survives I don't want to
And the amount of crops we eat is destroying river systems and forests. Not to mention the animals killed inadvertently during harvest.
I can’t wait for him to file bankruptcy. His legendary move.
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.
“270 pound pink person” is a great alliteration.
Oh no! I'll check into it; there are transcripts available, but it isn't really the same thing, is it? 
lol you are 18 and a female. You'll surely find someone
great weed, terrible vaccination rates.
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.
Not this time
LOL men don't have feelings ;)
Definitely, I also get suspicious when someone tries to be my friend which doesn’t help
Good lord. > STATISTICS ARE BAD, WE MUST RELY ON ANECDOTES!
This whole thing is ridiculous, I love reddit sometimes. ... and I'm sure reddit really loves this ridiculousness too!
I would not be that mad though. Just disappointed. I am angry at people like you, not the show in itself.
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!
this looks natty with ideal picture conditions
> a new release is imminent. Hahahaha
I don’t know about the whole state but we do have some shady cab drivers here.
this. faster, same pedaling but way less effort involved.
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people
asking for a source is good lol
Most GH now is fake. The real stuff is exorbitantly expensive.
I don’t have to stop speaking fact simply because it’s uncomfortable for you to hear.
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.
This sub is becoming a “Gamers rise up” parody of itself. This is ridiculous.
Sorry, didn't know where else to put it
This is the only thing I care about from this entire season so far.
I love how defeatist we've all become.
But even then it would need something else to live
Whoops yeah my bad And no just from the pictures ive seen there were just u opened sauce packets arranged on platters
This actually happened but no one clapped
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo
Man. I can't wait until my life is so devoid of meaning I feel compelled to complain in a silly joke subreddit.
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.
I'm sorry. Does Scholomance exist in the World of Ice and Fire?
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/
Oh I can feel the burn all the way from Australia, even a few months later. Doesn't anyone have a direct source to this post? Thanks
Love this show :)
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!
Its distasteful to complain about male-dominated space like stem? **pearl clutching intensifies**
nice looks like I hit just about hit the sweet spot, thanks
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.
He's not alt-right. He's just the normal clutch pearling conservative. He's like an annoying villain from an 80s movie.
If liking your own country is a right wing talking point then why don't the left wingers just leave the country?
Absolutely this is the kind of absolute hypocrisy that made me leave the church!
What a useless answer in this situation
If they were that good, she wouldn't have burned through 3 pairs in 3 years. 
These people are so full of hate it's disgusting and disheartening at the same time. How do you de-radicalize these people?
"By who? Hate the Flames all you want, but there's nobody competing for a wildcard spot that will ""dunk"" them in the first round"
"i enjoyed this a lot. i especially enjoyed ""Everybody bleeds a little when they brush their teeth """
The kids aren’t doing anything stupid here... cause it’s a fake video. I feel like this is in the wrong sub.
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!
Argentina is with you! Be strong comrades!
I agree, not to say he would be a favourite but [NAME] is very hittable, one good headkick is all it takes
Short and simple... More embarrassing being a janitor or being in the unemployment line?
You have to leave the house.
It’s crazy how invisible, worthless internet points control us
I’m sorry you’re going through the hurt, this shit sucks so bad.. I don’t wish this upon anyone..
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.
I’m not sure why I just laughed so hard at this. It’s not but it’s funny!
Maybe. It's an interesting theory for sure :)
Totally!! It was such a relief to see that I wasn't the only one (female HL in a DB).
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.
oh, me too, actually.
Chuckled. Upvote!
I’m picking up my fourth one tomorrow. CZ Scorpion Evo 3 .... and I’m stoked
It's a disturbing read. Have a good time 😂
Precisely this. I don't see why this is such a hard concept for some people to grasp.
This is an incipient antivaxx community, I don't want to see them lobbying and increasing in numbers like in the USA or Romania
Oh... welp. 😑
Thanks I needed that.
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.
Must've misunderstood something about his injury. Thanks for pointing it out
Sometimes when it gets super annoying I cut it off with scissors but it always turns out worse and makes all the surrounding ones irritated and sore
Thank you for this very informative answer. I don't play the game but you really explained well why they put this system in place.
You’re heartless if you’re calling people who smoke marijuana “druggies” and I’m done arguing with you, have a nice day.
That's no excuse.
Don't give yourself so freely to people who don't value you.
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. 
OMG what??? ...[NAME] actually showed up for a gig without cancelling with a terrible excuse?
I was once married and now I live alone. Some weekends, I don’t speak to anyone and don’t go out. Pure heaven. 
Worse than selling your soule
Wait is this a euphemism for ditching your husband and finding a new partner or did you lose 179 pounds?!?!
That does help a bit, thanks.
Wow, that's so clever!
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me
Mr [NAME] is operater as fuck
You guys are so cute together! Good luck with the de-stressing!
She’s my girl crush
Anyways. Weird behaviour of it when it was happening is that it hid itself when the video was paused then reappeared as the video continued.
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion
Grado SR80e is what I have, $100 and the best headphones I’ve ever put on 
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.
Thanks man! You rule.
Oh god yes. Top quality cringe. Thank you for sharing
I told my mum and an ambulance is coming now. Thanks everyone
Don't tell yourself those lies. They only serve to keep that weight in place. We're all lucky to have you. You're a gem
Have fun!
Dallas should feel absolutely horrible this is a 1 goal game given how patheticallly bad the Devils are tonight.
Hugs to you It will get better
I'm not looking forward to mine. Need to just do them though. I spent a lot last year on medical bills so hoping the deduction helps.
I love how he bends down with his head in the 'loaded' guillotine to screw off the end cap.
No that's plenty, you've already proved the original comments point even further.
No one does
The nightmares I'm going to have tonight would like to thank you in advance.
Look at all the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! Lol
Missed opportunity to put [NAME]
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)
Ugh, so misleading, and such a disappointment for those of us whose skin is the color of ACTUAL porcelain. 
"She also spoke out quite angrily about ""Obamacare"" until she needed it due to her high risk pregnancy. She's remarkably hypocritical."
180 is not good for checking enzyme deficiency which is what I am referring too.
not really, no
I won't even reply anymore. That radio silence mid convo really gets on my nerves.
Welcome to the depressed group
A track would be much more suitable for this kind of recklessness! Keep this kind of dangerous driving off of public roads!
I hope the guys play 60 minutes tonight! Have a nice day everyone c:
Thank you so much❤️
Good advice right here and good things to think about.
No way would I give up Albies even in a 1 for 1 scenario.
5 years for a guy who will most likely break down physically before year 3. Awesome move.
You are entitled to live your life the way you want to. I never said you weren't. You really are just disappointing.
Ah, I see. Thank you for clarifying!
Yeah he's a real one. I would've loved him coaching the Broncos
Voter fraud is way too easy to pull off, I know from experience 
"Lol thanks, yeah you need to ""legitimize"" the being hacked part and build from there. "
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.
youve never played against a good support [NAME] then
He posted about white racists on a post that has nothing to do about racism. Pretty sure he is just racist.
Don't cry for me, Argentina.
this is hurting UCF's chance at a super bowl
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.
I think this is a normal human emotion that a lot of people can relate to.
These [NAME] names are really beautiful!!!
I miss when prequel memes was ironic
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?
You said the words I couldn’t find in my head. That’s what I was trying to say the whole time! Thank you.
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter
Putting your finger and a loose cloth inside the 3 jaw chuck to polish the inside is insanely dangerous
Damn... that’s another thing I didn’t even think about it. Probably the biggest reason why people shouldn’t steal food
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.
That sentence should be illegal.
Yankees, Nets, and Giants, all the best!
Good work, friend. 
From Rockledge, Florida in the united states. Don't know why I ended up here to be honest but it's a good time.
yes. i hate being bored. it's the cause of much of my depression and anxiety.
Gotta eliminate the competition. It's Just Good Business.
that was absolutely beautiful
Well, that’s not a position many conservatives hold except for the [NAME], but I appreciate the honesty.
Like [NAME] [NAME] yes but [NAME] [NAME] is super nasty. Whoever wrote the dialogue for classified needs to be fired cause it’s makes me wince
I'm yet to see the 2nd protect the rest of the constitution.
It’s oddly unsatisfying when someone beats me to saying that.
Your friend is an idiot. You were the embodiment of Be More Kind. [NAME] bless you
No, thankfully. 
Thank you! That’s good to hear. I like presenting the place as it is.
Full schedules have been The end for us before but This time I have hope
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!
We're moving from Utah to California later this year. These statistics make me even more excited!!
The likes of [NAME] utter genius cannot be fathomed by mere mortals
Thank you for that statement.
Yeah, still the wrong strain to even remotely dive into CBD therapy (<0.7, yikes)... but I understand your point.
Sorry for the delay. Nanaimo's a union/mill town, so no surprise the NDP won.
You got the kindest heart
It'll be the first game of the day!
Lost his legs, what an idiot.
So many inaccuracies here.....
Absolutely you are doing the right thing. She will not take this decision lightly. So be prepared for the fallout now.
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.
true I am a troll, but fortunately for me I'm not emotionally invested in it.
Love me some FA cup
It sure is! Thank you!!
Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers... I never saw the movie, myself. I thought it looked pretty stupid.
LOL get it guys the joke is necrophilia 😂😂😂😂😂😂👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼
Fake lous!
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.
This team will never win another super bowl with the current coaching staff. That’s my leveled emotional viewpoint
Yeah sorry about that I don't mean it.
This is lovely. Didn’t expect the end.
Really I like the new fatalities
I am twice as proud of my baby [NAME].
We haven’t heard from you in a while. Hopefully you and your kids are doing well.
Your not winning their hearts, your just torturing them and they end up hating you.
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(
It feels weird reading a VICE article talking about itself in the third person.
I hope this is better than The Middle I mean it's [NAME] so it's going to be decent at worst.
Oooh that's so sweet,she sounds like a good and caring mother. Does your dad know?
Oh [NAME] you idiot
You're gross
Snuggling with my boyfriend
Wow that is one part disgusting and another part a huge waste of time for expecting an entertaining payoff. Warning, this video also includes spoilers for the latest Avengers.
isnt that halloween or like easter, man people are weird
"Even [NAME] has said ""I'm happy *for you*"" to pregnant women he's known."
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.
That’s my favorite aquarium! Wish I saw that though lol
Mother’s Day is the worst.
Hahaha yes, exactly!
Nah let's not be those people.
"Join Wattpad! There are many great books and it's free :) If you want ""real"" books, [NAME] is definitely worth reading. "
I cant believe we elected this goon
I really applaud you for your patience...
Could you make a ten hour version? I’m tired of having to replay this so often
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.
Thanks for that, I just turned 35 and considering nursing and starting over too
A family friend was just found to have made this comment, I am interested to hear your thoughts. 
That live snail got me freaked
442 is how many goals we're scoring today
Completely disgusting.
good to hear my man!
Umm, zoom out. The ICO was $0.30. I only put 0.5 BTC into it then though. Wish I did more.
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?
Yeah people demonize salt but like that's the opposite problem with restricting, salt is my friend leave me out of it
Off topic your username is awesome.
It always upset me that [NAME] would require his only son to do this I no longer believe it
I'm glad you liked it :D
Sorry pal, it’s actually one of my least favorites :/
As long as blind luck exists, there is no upper limit on stupidity.
It's not even the ads. It's the complete lack of anything worth watching between the ads.
So, that's super illegal in the U.S. And a cooler is not worth slicing someone's finger tips open. 
Honestly [NAME] is the best character on the show and the main reason it's worth watching, especially the later seasons.
You are the smiley face killer
[NAME] is definitely a good player, would probably be an [NAME] in the East, but fuck him lol
What a legend.
Cray to the crazy
And now I regret not applying when they opened one in my town even more now. Good times.
That’s another unfair accusation. I spent a lot of time trying to reach an understanding with you.
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.
"They're not ""likes"" you fucking moron."
Give it time. Pain like that needs to heal just like open wounds. I really hope that you will eventually start to feel better.
Sorry. Was hard to understand for me as well.
Oh haha I’m from liberal MA and started having sex younger. I come from a sex positive environment.
That’s petty debateable, there’s disagreement in the ranks but not enough to change their names or policies. 
I actually really liked that you added in your personal interests. I like Korean boy bands too.
I’m really sorry about your situation :( Although I love the names Sapphira, Cirilla, and Scarlett!
It's wonderful because it's awful. At not with.
Kings fan here, good luck to you guys! Will be an interesting game to watch! 
I didn't know that, thank you for teaching me something today!
Thank you for asking questions and recognizing that there may be things that you don’t know or understand about police tactics. Seriously. Thank you.
You’re welcome
100%! Congrats on your job too!
I’m sorry to hear that friend :(. It’s for the best most likely if she didn’t accept you for who you are
Girlfriend weak as well, that jump was pathetic.
[NAME] has towed the line of the Dark Side. He wouldn't cross it by doing something like this.
Lol! But I love your last name though. XD
Translation }}} I wish I could afford it.
It's great that you're a recovering addict, that's cool. Have you ever tried DMT?
I've also heard that intriguing but also kinda scary
I never wanted to punch osap harder after seeing that However not too hardly I cant afford them taking everything away
The thought of shooting anything at asylum seekers is appalling.
if the pain doesn't go away after 4 hours or so, it's broke.
Triggered:: Welp guess it's time for me to re-up lol
I'm autistic and I'd appreciate if you remove that comment. Thanks.
I know you're joking, but there are people here either stupid or desperate enough to believe and perpetuate such idiocy. 
May regret asking but foid ?
This guy is a little turd but I love him so dearly. I'll pass on your kisses :)
I'm going to hold out hope for something minor even though it looked really bad. Just going to wait for the official news.
i mean, yeah tbh.
in what universe? lol the mr. blue sky cover is one of the best on the album imo.
You didn't watch it to the end.
please dont bring a woman in as a sex toy for you both. hire a sex worker instead
A surprise turn of events! I'm so glad you heard such great things about yourself!
You sure? They seem so much brighter on screen lol
This is honestly the cherry on top of the cake with this story. That's absolutely hilarious!
OP is just a kid. Let's just move on.
Get back on your meds mate..You aren't funny at all...
"""But Aunt [NAME], I don't *want* to send Grandma back to Italy!"""
I thought it said “now my biggest fear is the thing living inside my casket” like, *weet doo feek?!*
Yea... I'll have to pass on the carpool with a username like that
I'm sorry that's what you read because it isn't what I said.
Thank you for articulating this for me. It's just like that.
Loving everyone so far. This is going to be a great season.
If you have any other links handy I'd love to see them.
Thanks will check them out!
I’m so sorry 🤪
Help, help, I'm being repressed!
I know people around here may mock me from my optimism but what if we get actual desings for the crusaders in Heroes?
Crap. I need more Excedrin. STAT.
Borrowed time is stupid
My only issue with private schooling is it discourages those with children in private schools from wanting money to go towards public education.
Lol looks delicious
You gotta work on you dude!! If you're not confident you're not ready, get yourself straight And all will fall into place. 
Some great advice right here!!!!!! I forgot about this
death of fear is certain.
I agree. His parents were very supportive then. When they did a cast change, they decided to make his parents jerks! 
Eff your video - love Canada 🇨🇦 Stupid geolock
New Haven has tons of locations that have strong cyber punk-y vibes at night!
"If he was stuttering the words ""I sell to others and we need to do your time on."
Thanks for the good news!
If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless
Not at all. I'm not going to argue with someone who doesn't understand what a strawman is.
Fucking love [NAME]. [NAME] best couple don't @ me
Thank you! I call on Monday to find out when I have court
>happily live in any hole they find. What's my love life got to do with this
Not really cringey. Its not really embarrassing for you i think people might just feel bad upon reading it.
Because of this bad situation some people are afraid of becoming youtubers because of this
That’s how you know they’re happy.
I’m so proud of you for taking care of you and your babies, mama! We love you and stay strong.
Wouldn't wipe my arse with it.
Lovely places to buy from but very hard to get a good price as a seller because of their high rents (and bargaining expertise!)
That's too many pills
it is actually called a mechanical bull
No point in getting rid of Keemun for another Keemun.
Based on what I've seen, all the INFJ girls seem to be blue-haired damaged moonquacks that got abandoned by daddy.
Talk about an oldddd school shit coin.
I'm on board the Saints hype train. [NAME] is an amazing QB.
All the ladies can stay at my place.
My girl has slowly been getting more and more into different [NAME] music, but she will always make it a point to play this track. I love it
You have a nice bro.
I would hope the guy is genuine and honest, but in my circumstances, there's not much closure. 
Hi, [NAME]! I thought I would stop by and wish you a wonderful and prosperous year! Have a good one! -HappyFriendlyBot
i love how the caption implies that the only unrealistic thing/ the only thing that gives away the photoshop is the sleeve lol
I agree with the concealer part for the cut crease but that's it.
When I die Im gonna ask satan for a job in hell whipping all these cunts
[NAME] stopped napping at 18 months. We’ve been implementing quiet time since. It’s wondrous.
I don’t think that would be an issue with [NAME]. He doesn’t seem like work ethic is his problem
> one of the better diss tracks out there Lol okay
It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now
Do you have the link to that ? I would love to hear the story from him
Or finishing in 91 minutes and sitting there for another half hour, bursting for a piss
Hope gallery for sure, had [NAME] do mine and a good friend back in 2015. Not sure if he’s still there, however.
Wow that’s scary, she’s so young and healthy. I hate that. 
The worst bbq in Texas Edit: Some of you are getting seriously r/wooooshed It's their slogan.
How dare you! Don’t you know seatbelts cause autism!
Only bet on games you like. Sometimes go a couple days without action. Betting just for the sake of staking something is never smart.
Life Hack Attack has become Attack Everyone's Life and Hack. I love it.
Exactly, but I guess I've gotten used to people forgetting the club exists haha
This sounds an awful lot like khorne......
I’m glad you had a great time here! Wishing you safe travels!
Just rumors online, it most likely won't happen
Must be why I'm alive. That sucks.
I was teased for being a virgin when I was a 6th grader- in 2005
I love that quote, thank you 
You also can’t prove it happened so logically this doesn’t exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159
I have a bad feeling I’m gonna regret not tuning into this
Damnit Morty! D'you see wha-rrrgh-t you've done!? We're fucked Morty, the squirrels - they're recruiting dolphins now Morty. 
Fuck you.
$15 a month for a music service is more than Netflix. Thank u, next!
The original is funnier... or at least it's funny, to begin with.
Wow what a disappointing game. Wish we would have showed up
Point proven. Thanks
That’s normal for girls, lol.
Proud of you.
No, what’s sad is saying the same message like it’s news. He’s a copy paste machine. No original thought.
And [NAME], would again like to apologize for any misunderstanding.
I didn't know that, thanks for the clarification.
Hey! Your mom sucks.
Didn't know that sub, thanks!
Yea, very rude. Avoid anything with a strong smell like fish and popcorn, curry is just as strong. 
I got a lot of withholding to throw me into anxiety.
Nah, he's much smarter than I am about soccer.
My friend and I have been having good fun queuing Mei/Winston, trololo, and 2 bottles of whisky.
Praying for me family.
Gotta keep losing to make sure 5th is our worst case scenario
[NAME] can’t space and [NAME] is getting worse defensively
I am generally a happy person. If you like to pay millions of dollars to semi-literates to represent your government, it's up to you!
That's what I'd hope for! Retool the D day 1, if we could find a gem at QB day 2. 
Tl, dr - Take the abuse. Squirming only gets them off more.
You're probably joking but [NAME] has been pretty insightful regarding the yellow vests in France. I was impressed.
Thanks! Do you think I should talk to her or drop it for now?
I love koln
That’s cool. I had a few baby teeth dipped in gold and made into charms for a bracelet. Gorgeous work.
Thank you, that is interesting!
I only eat cronuts cuz I'm sophisticated!
That was an incredibly dumb thing to do. [NAME] is an idiot for trusting her.
Fascism doesn't even exist in America. [NAME], these kids are so sheltered. 
[NAME]... I'm sorry. This is just wrong. I, can't.
Hate to be that guy, but that's not DDR, that's Pump It Up, the Korean DDR rip-off.
Yes, he did. 
>if your car is so great why do you have to fill it with petrol all the time This is how stupid you sound
Well done dude! Seriously :) But keep it up, don't lose this momentum.
*10 minutes of awkward roleplay*
I love you, brother. 
It's on here daily. Karma whores eh?
Pretty shit tbh with you
thats amazing!! Congrats!
I did twist my ankle trying to play that on DDR.
I genuinely think that would be an iconic shot if it was in a famous horror film. The way the legs just keep on coming is terrifying.
I’m only denying what’s not true, and [NAME] being my name isn’t true. 
The sad part about this is that these memes are more Gen Z if anything...
> it will not make her look like an idiot It would be hard to make her look any more like an idiot than she already does.
“You have no clue what fascism is” Goes on to promote literal genocide tactics. You’re despicable
Clearly not well enough
Yikes that's cringe
No I wish. They don't come to Texas very often.
Ouch. That hurt the ego. And that’s not easy to do.
Yeah, without the music that scene would have been much worse.
Interesting. I thought so too. I’m just thankful I have another parish I can easily drive to for mass. Thanks again
Honestly I agree. We should shun vegetarians regardless of the [NAME] thing. /s
Thank you! I ended up assigning a dbq and paired students up
Combination of lapses in defense and the continuing saga of the Sabres' god awful PP.
I'm sorry you fell for the carnie, bro.
I've always wanted one of those but like worry it'll make a huge mess in my washer
I’m a fan of them in the wild, weasels are interesting. Not as pets, nope. 
This is scary and so very sad. Eleven??? A baby! I was still building forts. I weep for this child.
The hell? That’s like one-in-a-million chance! Only thing that’d make it crazier is if we’re in the same city lol
MeToo is about sharing personal stories of sexual assault. Reframing it as accusation based, and as furthering a kidnap, is fucking disgusting.
If [NAME] is being considered for all defense, [NAME] needs more love too
I have a really nice tempurpedic one and about 6 king sized fluffy ones that I use to just fall asleep hugging
It's actually remarkable how universally disliked [NAME] is as a commentator in the community but he still commentates at practically every big melee tournament
Today is the only day I really hate my job as a dog walker
And oops AND a yikes. Maybe even as much as an OOF. Definitely a wow from me
This has already been posted on this subreddit but thanks.
Let it go, look to the future, do not live in the past
It’s endless the amount of white papers written in the last 3/4 years. Not one has been any good or any use
209 comments and we don’t get to read any? All that good pasta advice going to waste. Shame.
I **LOVE** that the players are finally getting into the game. People feel invested! I like that!
Despite all the [NAME] hate in/on /Melbourne, here is a beautiful Indian song for you all 
What is beautiful about this planet? Nature is cold, harsh and full of suffering and pain. There is nothing beautiful at all about it. 
Our father will protect us <3
Looks like he has a history of being an awful human:
Thank you for this. This sub isn’t a rating or selfie sub. There’s literally no poly content on this post.
I think teams will still cut the cross-seam that made [NAME] and [NAME] so deadly last year. This is awesome nonetheless.
Seeing how I was as a teen and how most teens are, nope! Dont want to deal with that.
I think the real reason is good press and booze
It’s a joke.
No! They’re still on the sidewalk right there! With literally absolutely no way around them!
thank you !
I much prefer when the CB is given a taste of their own medicine. Far more satisfying than being polite. This one is great!
Shes awful and its all about her. Try again. And when the show has awful ratings thatll be confirmed.
Not yet! But I waiting for a miracle any year now!!
And then you're stuck on that medication for life, sounds like a scary trade-off.
I'd love to collab with some reddit folks on NFL Draft prospect scouting, rankings and mock drafts if anyone is interested.
Well I heard advice everyone to listen to this episode it was extremely interesting.
I downloaded this album yesterday, and love it!
Thank you; I tried.
Me either. But I sometimes fantasize about it.
Ahh, so the exact same place he was last time. wonderful lol
Please explain “Hoover/ed”. Not familiar with the term. Thank you-
Probably, I knew this lawn chair was a bad idea.
He’s going to the Bengals at 11 and I hate it so much
Before all of the BS lol
Make fun of them all you want; fact is they won during the regular season when we couldn't.
I'm so doing this!
Losing my identity, wondering have I gone insane...
Sounds good.
Because in some cases parents are basically having their own children kidnapped and held against their will and forced into these programs. This is child abuse.
If this thread turns into a shitshow like the last it will also be locked. Fair warning...
Welcome home!
[NAME], [NAME] is starting a marriage with infidelity and drunk proposals. I hope a happy and long married life for him.
It's kinda odd that people are downvoting you without providing well-sourced counter-arguments to the points you're making.
"I wish this was real but for girls, so I don't have to taste the bitter of being rejected because ""You are not my kind""."
Welcome to the freedom and democracy circus that is 'mercuh! 👍
Yeah. Basically Sky Germany and Sky Sports aren't reliable at all
The UN said the election was a sham. The man is causing death destruction and starvation. Your morals are completely and utterly fucked.
You should take the time and go to the doctor.
This just reminded me to continue designing that bloody website.
When [NAME] pisses off his daughter and wife. Daughter: “You’re not my Daddy anymore” [NAME]: “You’re not my Daddy anymore either”
lol why don't you read about the Iceland one and get back to me.
Oh god another injury
Thank you for sharing this. I found my house in 1938. Very fascinating stuff :)
"Narrator: ""They did not"""
Yes, you selfish prick. 
[NAME] so cool
I always fall for this joke on here..
"[NAME]?! Is that [NAME]? I know ""meegwetch"" means thank you lol"
it's hurting my heart :( why did you leave me
Other than a lame attempt of being insulting, what part of anything you said has anything to do with what I said?
You need to recheck your science. A simple Google search will yield research articles showing a biological and genetic basis for being LGBT. Happy reading!
[NAME] fucking practice and watch some tutorials before fucking up a $100 bottle of French champagne
Wowowowow!!!! I’ve been campaigning for [NAME] too!
But they didn't because it's fake.
Happy cake day to him
Yes. Ignore and move on
Happy? Not really, but glad we can come to a conclusion to my offhand semi in jest reply.
Naaah, that is and always will be [NAME], especially since her redesign in MKX. perfect waifu.
Lmfao lonzo? That guy is not nba talent. World is gonna spank that ass
I actually did talk to him. You can see his response to me, I linked to it in a comment. He called me a land whale. 
This sub doesn’t like the pro sports teams until they win a championship. Then everyone becomes a die hard fan.
Had one good year that was it, then joins a god squad that struggles to qualify
Break up and be firm about. You’ve already admitted to being dishonest. Why lead him on?
I’m not a fan of that hire at all... I’m also not a fan about how that all came out. All around bad.
Thats absolutely disgusting.
No, that looks h*ckin delicious 
Don't listen to the idiot, we love your posts!
Man, never underestimate the power of a crock pot, some frozen chicken, veggies and cottage cheese.
There is also no dog in the white house. Why? Because dogs can smell an asshole a mile away.
Sorry to be the bearer of bad tidings.
Lmao I hope I’m not the only one who gets this
This man makes aggressive grunts while breathing
Wow! Now that's some propaganda we could use more of!
Yes! My Big Fat Fabulous Life
My mom used to think [NAME] was the handsomest NFL coach for what that’s worth.
Sorry your right
I trust Safeway over Great Canadian Superstore for my meats. I know I'm not alone in that regard. Safeway has some pretty good cheaper meats.
I missed that part unfortunately
Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic
This.. im sorry but this is a dumb reply. Ofc it was fake kindness golly
China cheating the rest of the world is horrible for the economy and society.
>overt racism of that level would not be tolerated in America My thoughts also. That's why i needed context, its very VERY odd.
I'm not apologizing for it. I just didn't think there was something this blatantly immoral in the new testament.
So handsome
I am embarrassed to admit that I was shocked to find out that his books all had the same exact weight and that you knew what that weight was...
No superbowl @ lambo for this generation; hopefully global warming will make an impact in the next 30 years. :)
I know. I didn't say I agreed with it did I?
All I want for Christmas is a broken home
Well I'm trying to improve, man 
Thanks a bunch <3
I just want tk be a random scumbag
I agree that you need more time in the later turns. But most games it feels like people wait until it is their turn to start thinking.
Hopefully you saved that letter!
Would I love to be a fly on your wall right now and watch this whole debacle.
What do you think women do? I’m quiet as a churchmouse when I mastrubate, too
He keeps saying this in my playthrough when that's definitely NOT what I'm doing. I just suck at hunting!!
One dumbass who hasn’t watched Hereditary complaining about meaningless awards on the Internet means... eh. I lost my point. Go watch Hereditary
This was so touching ❤️❤️❤️
Wait... dogs can’t use ladders!
That’s just fucked lol talk about cheap.
What the fuck is this about?
You could notice he was a little bit nervous, i think that was the main reason for his way of playing in this game.
I didn't realise this was happening! Thank you! It was hard to tell from OPs photo what the changes were
Lol omg yesssss. Probably the best suggestion anyone ever told me 🙌🏼
Thanks so much for the advice! Will definitely keep that in mind
Subscribed to sjwstories, thanks for informing me about that one!
I like this feeling
Trusting readers is something we cannot afford in this day and age.
Not really, just wanted to know why specifically you thought he was on gear. (Because I honestly don't see it)
Don't include me in this us! Just kidding.. We need some love and fast.
Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.
She's not an hero we deserve, she's an hero we have. 
[NAME] and [NAME] going on a bike tour is awesome IDK why I love it so much
Are you fucking serious? That’s a foul??
Agreed. There is r/clevercomebacks but this is just not even that.
Dark Crystal, Neverending Story, Labyrinth. My holy trinity of movies I both loved and was intimidated by as a child.
All it takes is just a bit Practice and thanks!
As a lifelong single person, [NAME] offends me. Feels like I'm apart of some demographic that they can live without :(
So creepy. Made me check my locks.
[NAME] I hate my hometown
You shut your mouth
Oof that’s terrible
Which side story? Thanks for the info!
People like you with premature ejaculation and poor hygiene should not write long posts. Am I doing it right?
yikes I am not reading that, the napkins are over there sir, have a nice day
No, it's not that one
You're in luck!
Thank you, its like if you looked a camera that was taking a picture of your ear, you wouldn’t be able to see it.
:) thank you!
Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!
Awesome, love the input! I totally get what you’re saying!
I would hate to see another [NAME] situation where [NAME] gets hurt again because he wasn't fully recovered.
Much love half purple homie
I know a couple of people who are. It's amazing to watch.
Must be a tough life when all you can think about is sad stories to keep you from enjoying anything.
I believe in you. Do what is right for you. I hope you feel better soon too. ♥️🙂
That's sad. I'm 16 and where I am there are loads of athiests my age. It's great.
"Same here! I thought too long and hard about whether or not la jolla/Encinitas was known as the ""treasure coast"""
Do you have any non anecdotal stuff to say or? Also burden of proof is a thing, you made a claim, prove it or fuck off
I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s 
Toxic feminism is ti blame
Now we need [NAME] to reunite with [NAME]
Yea, I'm willing to bet the auto makers have known about this technology for quite a while.
Rest in peaches J2D or whatever his name was, nice meme
Raise them early in the way of the Braves! Congratulations!
so glad we picked this guy up. was absolutely terrified when we played against him. dude was in the zone.
I was there in 89-91. Some of the best years of my life.
Wow, you folks sure are salty about losing the midterms! Pathetic?
I'm using mine on the Consumer Cellular customers that come in mad at me because they have to set up an Apple Account to use their IPhone.
"Lol what a terrific audience. Maybe rich people saying ""come beg"" is kinda like wtf bro."
Yep...this sub blasted me for hating the casey hire and still refuses to admit his big faults
I would love to see some encouragement and smiles on the sideline instead of yelling and whining.
Thank you.
I want to be a sister ♥️ I have lots of nail polish I'll help!!
It’s a terrible thing when someone who doesn’t let themselves laugh has a reddit account
Thank You, that does seem to be the consensus. 
"Did anyone else read this and say ""Fuck yeah!""?"
"I'll pass the ""I'm not crying you're crying!"" part. Yeah I'm crying. "
Thank you very much I appreciate the enthusiasm btw do you know more or less how much space will I need to install it?
Oh ok that makes sense then! Thanks for taking the time to explain. 😊
That specific block is probably one of the worst in the city.
He’s a way worse version of [NAME]. I don’t think anyone is putting him in their top 15 besides Bears fans.
You're disgusting
Exactly. We’re only here for the money, assholes. 
She is probably cheating on you. :(
It would be mostly home-grown terrorism, angry at all the people fleeing from overseas terrorism.
Ah good call - I dont plan to take submissions for that reason
Personal insults aren't allowed around here. 1 week ban for first offense.
I've been watching it recently and it is such an amazing show!
Why would you mention [NAME]? Lol
Don’t tempt me!
I hope you get the help you need. Truly.
I love this ahahah
U guys are like match made in heaven ♥️♥️♥️
Ah yes I used to enjoy those. Before the dark times. Before the days of a FOX less Netflix.
First [NAME], now [NAME]. Stop the conks. Please. 
This is one of the worst I've seen...
[NAME] for reasons of his ACL. Although, assuming everyone on the list was fit to play, I'll say [NAME].
Almost like being in Love by [NAME].
Your username makes me think you would appreciate this joke of mine.
Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.
I sure hope so
You seriously reposted your repost of the same repost you reposted again.
made my first reddit account to downvote this. thanks?
thats some very advanced way of thinking - and I dont think I was able to do that when I was 18
Damn. I'm sorry. What misery.
Oh interesting username
Thank you for saying this. It is disrespectful to me. And it hurts.
You should've smashed his head into it.
> don't tax anyone what a stupid idea.
Aww, thank you [NAME] for capturing me!!
Ohh.. Thank you!
Well thanks for sharing. I loved it. Do you know of any others from them that aren't well known?
And yet it looks like one thing you can't is read. Shame shame.
Shit you are right! I can't believe I forgot to mention that as well! Thanks for pointing that out ;)
I get wound up over completely imagined conversations too 😅 I'm trying to meditate and learn to stop myself from going down the rabbit hole.
[NAME], he’s who I’m most excited to see develop 
no one cares my guy
Contractions is equivalent....body can only deal with...us women with labor.....I don’t like the way this person speaks.
making photos look pretty
Maybe [NAME].
But they are spectacular.
She's absolutely stunning in that photo
Dummy I'm disagreeing with you
I would try rubbing alcohol, high percentage. Looks greasy to me.
Gross. I hate using those reusable cloth ones because they retain smells. You've got cats? I know, I can smell them. 
I don't know any but my own I'm afraid.
Most valuable comment
[NAME], learn some fucking grammar and punctuation. Maybe use some paragraphs. Just an idea.
Yeah. If you try not to ignore the photos it's right there.
This internet stranger is also super proud of you! Way to go!!!
Idiots are downvoting your correct comment.
If that’s true it’s very desperate. You would think he had some better way of communicating.
I believe that you can search for providers here. Good luck and good on ya.
Because the hierarchy is afraid they’ll get burned.
Nah I dont think the panthers are good enough
I hope so but doubt it...
Oooh. Look! Big man over here!
This almost certainly should not have gone to OT. SEC refs are bad CBB refs are bad
Not at all. It's great of course for financial reasons, but it then makes me worried about how much time she'll have for a relationship.
Matchroom squad dismiss [NAME] as not existing anymore, the sky media influence is scary 
I love you guys. Beers on me
Unfortunately for you, no one of importance cares about your absurd views. 
making us look like punks, disappointing
Probably the most rational way to look at this entire scenario - thanks for posting this my dude. That comment set me straight again.
I provoked by breathing too hard. And yes, I hate that. 
[NAME] was a great coach
Fuuuuuck. That’s the worst I’ve seen.
It is. You generally need 5 down and 5 up to play reliably. Also wired.
"[NAME] that website is cancer. Also I love how the main ""entertainment"" in it is straight up harassment."
This is really cool and well made!
I will always love ohare because it is the home alone airport
Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.
He is nearly 25, can't shoot, can't dribble and does nothing great. He wont improve much.
So [NAME] is really a fan of playing the bench vs the other team's starters at the end of halves. Really finding every tanking edge possible.
yeah, those seem like they'll flop around quite safely... 
Glad you enjoyed man, yeah it was pretty spontaneous too, I was praying I wasnt about to pull some bartard move and get jammed lol.
I'm here again to say I love your art and it brings me joy when you post it on this sub bye!
Too easy. I’m selling at $18k on Jan 12, 2021 so I can be pissed at myself for not selling the top
College is a very lonely place. Very stressful, very lonely. [NAME]. Good luck out there man.
Omg, thank you!
Interesting. Even if most disagree with it, I'd love to aee a resurrection of some sorts in IX.
True! He probably is just lonely. Thank you for the kind words :)
This is amazing
clearly no one is getting my joke oof.
Adoration is definitely something I could do more of. Thank you!
That’s pretty accurate
They have directly targeted civilians. It's disgusting.
looks cool, i want it now.
The applause came from [NAME] and his group.
Um, excuse me? I'm a *rolling* rabbit hole, thank you
I don't find anything about women appealing.
-30°, then again I'm only 16. Been a while since these temps have come around so it's not pleasant.
Resetting a dislocated knee hurts like hell but it feels a lot better immediately after.
Someone with erectile dysfunction already can't (conventionally) orgasm. What the fuck are you talking about?
This is creepy.
Would love to donate as well!
What a charming puddle of smegma.
I'm flattered but I'm a good [RELIGION] scarf
That would be okay, I guess.
Paraphrasing [NAME], this brought warm feelings to my heart.
You’re not a loser. You’re a whole and complete person unto yourself.
Excellent collage, I learned so much from all these guys. The community is great, the unconfiscatable conference was awesome 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Lol you're so close to getting it, dude. So close. 
Thank you for clarifying. I was just thinking about how picky a lot of my family is (adults as much as kids).
Sorry you had to live there. Good news is they are demolishing it in 2020.
Considering how beautiful every single person is, there is far too much ugliness on Earth. 
/u/897w346354365fdddfs said: > You're funny You're shilly
That made me smile. Thank you!! And yes, definitely replacing her on my reference list lol. 
Well the good news is once all the boomers die off you won't have any pesky old people to blame anymore.
What a cute little accident you turned out to be
Yeah thank you you ungrateful bast.....
Great idea! Thanks :)
Yeah I sympathize with this sentiment. The flow of Michigan fans into the cfb subreddit this year was overwhelming. Even as a fan I was irritated.
Well [NAME] made me laugh
Ah, a classy man
[NAME] funny, girl.. not so much 
Holy smokes, good jobs!!!
I know, that's why it's a little unfortunate they don't have a test. 
Ok, we get it. You're a top.
We finally lost a game while I was shuffling my tarot deck and now I can’t decide if I should try again or if the luck ran out
I got bad news for ya'll. I picked Chargers, Colts, Saints, and Cowboys to win. So Eagles might be winning :/ 
At least she's correct
[NAME] death is just so..... senseless. Why? WHY??? The based gods have forsaken us
Of course man, I really appreciate this. But it's okay, I can just message you through here. It's fine:)
Dave & Buster’s is a great suggestion!
"""Here's your fucking well done with pink in the center [NAME], jsut like youre stupid fucking table wants!"""
Got it. Sorry you feel that way man. I hope you find your own way to impact the game or enjoy it next year.
Good luck and have fun
Honestly, I'm just happy I got traded to you guys, rather than a team like the Leafs or H*bs
Right now it sucks ass I gotta squat in snow in the freezing cold in the back yard of my apartment complex holding a little bong
If it's true i'm sad he's leaving but I wish him nothing but the best.
I mean, they did just that in Djibouti I believe, and Sri Lanka before. Hopefully Kenya can avoid the debt trap
Congrats! Enjoy a free slice, I think you know what to do with this 🍕
[NAME] is pretty cute...
Interesting read, but horrible format on mobile.
[NAME] wept.
It still wouldn't make sense. The problem isn't the looks
they already ruined their own lives by having an affair. the other spouse knowing is just a consequence of their selfish actions.
If I ever see that in my area, that will be a bullet to the head. Fuck Reddit's rules.
I will thanks :)
He's protecting and defending the angels now 💚
Fixed That For You
... [NAME] derangement syndrome sufferer spotted. What drivel you crazy lunatics say... The lies and falsehoods along with the out of place fearmongering is getting really annoying...
Those fingers disturb me the most
Thanks man 🙏🏽
Do not use logic dude. Not cool.
Want too big and lean to be naturally achievable.
Absolute queens! ❤🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈
Drive safely now.
Uhhh I want someone to do this for me!
Really? First I’ve heard of it lol.
It will be carefully tailored to piss their parents off, which I will enjoy greatly :-)
Please treat me with modern medicine. I have gastroparisis.
Again it's weed not heroin. Smoke it. Or sell it.
Try nonchalantly handing them your card as if they had dropped it. I think its normal to be shy. *handing on exit, otherwise it could get awkward
My ETL been trying to tell us every box should take us 30 seconds max, and everyone ive asked about that has laughed and called it bullshit
Praise the [NAME] for REALITY! WOOF!!!!!
No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.
The [NAME] finger wag was sexy as hell.
What a finish
That’s funny to me because all of the teachers of the month this year (with 1 exception) have been science.
These refs are remarkably terrible tonight. So are the sabres but wow some terrible calls.
I'm glad you have someone to help you out! Perhaps over time you'll find it easier.
What a nutbar lol
Oh I wish. 40.
Guilty as well!
Thanks so much, I appreciate the feedback and will send it along the way.
Well that's disgusting
Like at the time, he wasn't one of the best defenders in the league. But grew into one. 
Yeah, and in Brazil we write only in cursive so I don't get those people.
It hasn’t happened yet. Just talk to the supervisor or HR. In the meantime don’t borrow trouble.
Also looks pretty ♭
They are both good in their own way. But the us is funnier lol
Did you kill the shark to get the shark teeth for your necklace yourself or was it premade? Thanks [NAME]!
I’m starting to worry that [NAME] is not okay
I'll see what I can do, thanks man.
Sign my name to it too lol it was so awful we deserve pain and suffering for that!
"""Moose killed my parents."""
I’ve exposed on social media. It made me feel better so I don’t care what anyway has to say about it.
It doesn’t work as well as you’d think, but thanks either way
This was very helpful to me. Thanks for explaining it so well.
This made my rainy day
Some people just need reassurance that they are, in fact, dumb. 
at least it wasn’t the evil [NAME].
Thanks for having that self awareness, as a physician in training I feel stupid daily. It's a very humbling job
Yeah I wish they could just finish 9th every year in the conference
Thanks, saved. Will watch it tomorrow morning :) 
oh cool! Must be tiring for [NAME] though. Looking forward to watching them!
The [NAME] story is pretty amazing. Excellent stuff! My ears are both firmly attached. Thanks.
So no. All you have is lies and delusions. Thanks for the confirmation
Ouch. Hurts because it's true.
No worries! 😊
Added to my meme folder. Thanks!
Thank you for the great recommendation. I'll get on that as soon as I can, and keep you updated.
I like having roads, schools, and drinkable water? You confuse a man for a paranoid.
Feels good man
I'm legit posting this everywhere. It's hilarious. I've given you many chances.
So... she just won the lottery!!
Thank you, I know you’re right, I’m just overthinking for sure 
Wait so I shouldn't try to sell my shavers by telling my customers that they aren't good enough and could do better? Damn.
Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...
Too many injuries. I predict he will be off the roster by September.
What was that behind the back nonsense, criminy. TO THE BENCH
It’s a nice basket.
Threatening to drive your sisters into the ocean is illegal. It's called making a terroristic threat or menacing and can cause her to lose access to your sisters
Haha yes! Ill do that to my cat all the time. He seeems to appreciate the assist
Yep, minimizing massively
But a worker who earns wealth can invest it and become a capital investor. In that case he is literally providing the capital.
Thanks very much, so do I! :)
Yeah, I always thought [NAME] would be an improved [NAME]. It's a damn shame we haven't thrown to him more often.
Been saying horford has been overrated since he got that fat contract
It’s funny because this is the summary of most discussion posts on this sub
The black beans were there hidden within the rice!! :) gotta love those legumes
I’m sorry but [NAME] has better memes
Loved it!
“[NAME], I tried to make ramen in the coffee pot and I broke everything” - [NAME]
This made me snort while laughing. Well done!
Congratulations mate!!
> pushed all of them Hey dumbass you pushed the emergency button
It's still interesting to watch though ... from far away, with no personal involvement whatsoever.
Shaving her legs, hoping the video didn’t cut short and that’s all she shaved in there....
Great post thank you ❤️
"""what you want"" is a populated, limited set, and thus discrete."
Thanks man, my brother and my girlfriend just told me to laugh it off; but the thought doesn't stop haunting me. 
It would be really bad for relations between the two cities if we took Memphis' NBA team.
At home with a viral infection right now! Praying for death and to the god of paracetamol. Ugh.
Thank you for posting this. I never heard this particular interview before.
Just got a bit worried because it's always showed up instantly for me before
As a Cardinals man i agree, makes me want to deck the cunt but hes huge and i love him, so conflicted
Yay, coming out is hard, you're lucky that they didnt avoid you for the next month, I'm happy for you
i hate [NAME] and 20 good men
Personally I would take some time to myself and work on spending time with my family since I love them more than my job.
She is during her week of taking sugar pills. Yea I do wish she had mentioned it anyway, I can’t sleep
Thank you. Edit: I have cancer now
As it should be. Great.
That was what was most nauseating for me honestly. Not a single period used once.
Well that sucks. But still if you refuses the test you'd probably have been charged, which is worse.
I didn’t know I’m sorry
Tbh I think there are a lot of parts of chicago that are way shittier than memphis
Brilliant! I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
This is too accurate 😂
Cheers for the reply ;)
*DRAINS, CLOGS, BACKED UP LOGS [NAME]!* *OH, NO, TOILET OVERFLOW [NAME]!*
Yeah, that changes everything.
Is that a tooter lol
Don't apologize. Go grab your favorite drink, some popcorn and watch 500 days of summer instead
oh.. actual physical mail, hehehe I hear ya
Ah, good old single level LAX. I barely remember it except traffic was a nightmare.
Would you like a friend? I sure could use one.
None, I know nobody or have anyone nearby who can help.
You have to live for you. Go get that education, go get that career. Rediscover yourself.
I felt bad for laughing
Lol you could have just said that
Ah yes, the United States Mutant Ninja Turtles. They would dominate every sport.
Lol just leave it bruh it adds character
She looks like a petite adult to me, her face is obviously adult
Link pls, I need to see this! ( I bet he dropped it)
cant wait to go through a rebranded version of this pain again in college too
Baby rape. Can’t make a funny joke about it.
The reason most people don't get the joke is because it's such a bad one, that they think that it's not meant to be one.
Hope so but deadshot was her man too bad they had to kill him smh
He's really likeable but has some flaws. I hope I'm wrong but i don't see him being a phenom like [NAME]
Any one of us could be a journalist, and that level of journalism feeding the masses is mildly scary.
Somehow I got banned for replying to a troll. The mods over there have itchy trigger fingers.
How tf do you not expect people to find them they're the first things that show up when you search joji
says you, too bad you're totally wrong.
Thanks for giving advice to the people who need it 👌🙏
Good kid.
What a legend
the knock off names are super cringey but i love looking for them
They literally don’t have enough time on the planet to regret their actions.
The best advice I have, which it seems most people completely overlook: Have fun.
I love miramar
Don't you're making me paranoid man
Lmao the brigading is real
The barriers in large only exist with respect to Canadian oil. Other producers (with the exclusion of Venezuela ) seem to be enjoying a very profitable time.
I can't wait to tell my daughter how she used to love me so much she even wanted to watch me poop.
Thank you, I will tackle those too!
Was she? Oh, never been good at picking up on stuff like that. Thanks for letting me know!
Isn't she like a worse version of [NAME]? I always hear from everyone that she is pretty trash.
I was using story of the tower of Babel to say that from a [RELIGION] side people would all have the same skin colour anyway
Because it’s more fun?
Where can you watch community? I can’t find it anywhere and it looks great.
Thank you, I hope you do too. You can always message me if you need to talk.
Nope, you're right, it's the same tweet you're thinking of, check the date. 
oh pls no
My son isn't old enough to remember his brother and my husband and I feel like that's a blessing.
Wtf? Really?
But but r/49ers said it was just bad luck!
Guys how are we doing? Asking because dumb TV in my country prefers Copa d'Italia to fucking Real Madrid lol
You're right, it's relatable. Hope everything's OK for you 
Thanks for your response
That’s impressive you can tell that from the back of his head
I like you.
Sorry. I am avoiding arguments today. Enjoy the video.
Nope. Don't need rewards at all.
If this is serious mate it’s not the kind of shit you should be posting on reddit
I had the biggest smile!
You're right. Respect and honesty has never changed for me, though I realize that's naive
I'm gonna think of a jojo reference for every situation, just you wait reddit. Just you wait...
Vitamin C is water soluble, you literally piss excess amount.
Truth. If he had time for another relationship, he has time to pay for it. 
I had to watch x3 to make sure I didn't miss something 😂
They are new but got over 100 reviews in less than a month so I'm assuming they are just slammed. Thanks for the input
I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.
Anti-vaxers aren't funny anymore, now they're just scary...
I can see why you’ll never be in a leadership position.
I'm sorry, I can't hear your useless badgering over me drinking my 38' from a wine bottle and enjoying my extra $200.
You deserve WAY more upvotes
No! You can't have that one! That's a coconut cake!
Thank fucking [NAME].
"No or low contact. I don't have time for ""family"" that doesn't have basic courtesy for me. "
I’m sure the hornet will be happy if their curse is over!
I do have few friends from there and it's a lovely nation too.
NEVER RUNNING FROM A REAL FIGHT!
I LOVE IT, I would love if they will make season 2... I really enjoyed it
"Its kinda odd,how theres always kinda a war between ""Party music"" and ""Feelings Music"""
I don't need to tell you how you're a paranoid conspiracy theorist you are doing an awesome job of that already!
I love this. you get a favorite.
So what you are saying is that you are not a serious guitarist is you use finger guards?
I miss [NAME]
I have no objection to nudity, but why is this a thing? So dumb. 
you're hilarious. Thanks for the entertainment this morning.
This is a new level of entitlement. THE BATHROOM IS OUT OF ORDER! What makes you so entitled to use an OUT OF ORDER bathroom!
Damn Replays was pretty solid last year. But maybe he should go back to coaching.
Thank you! And yet he's called about 5 of the same on Laca
Reading this made me happy and I don't even know you. Keep doing your thing!🙌🏼
Exactly, you need a Hollywood woman of age to pair off with him. Past 35 should be fine right?
I wanna die!
What about, hear me out now, 2max? It doesn't sound cool though. Could probably call it something else.
thanks for the reply jzplayinggames, have a great weekend.
This post made me smile, cute doggo 
Girls screaming alone gives me horrible flashbacks
He already has a baby with his girlfriend who’s gorgeous
Video games are great, but sometimes it’s nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat
Dipo always be in our hearts. The one that got away
I love [NAME], but man I wish I knew what [NAME] would have been like here.
stay strong!
I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.
Wow... I’m so glad that my dog is lazy like me.
This really tickled my anxiety. I hate it
That’s great! I hope s/he gets better!
Damn, that was brilliantly put. Thank you. I screenshotted it to use on Twitter. Is that ok? 
That may be — we are talking about the stock market, though. :)
Good Job
"If ""everything is political"" then nothing is political because it's all the same. You know what I meant by ""political""."
No wonder why their logo always looks pissed
I love it when people assume things.
Can’t wait to go to the Kings game. Especially if they bring this level of fire.
This caught me off guard for real. I actually off my bed laughing. +1
Oh I know. I was just pointing out that our current number one has consistency issues as well so we are used to it.
Thanks for the info! Great pic. I’ve saved it.
cause he constantly hates on [NAME] for no reason other than Petry having the puck on his stick more than anyone else on the team
Lmao. Fuck, you got me good.
I went to your profile to see the other pics & saw your kitty. He's super cute!
Oh [NAME]!
Well let’s hope so.
Beast milk. My favourite!
[NAME] was such a nice and calm person, he makes everything wholesome He was just like his paintings Realistic, Hard worked, and with tons of love
Happy Birthday [NAME]. You wont read this message but itll be here.
I think I’ll go ahead and continue criticizing silly unfounded and harmful beliefs
-9 and I’m out shopping. Sun is out feels great.
Having good people around you is the most important part i am glad you found some good friends:)
I heard the ostrich was sick.
ah, it does me heart good to see NIMBYs in the wild
that's awesome-sometimes getting in the shower seems like an impossible undertaking but you did it
I will, Thank you!!
Nice, I saw them during the Demo and was pretty impressed 
Thank you! Very cool!! 😎
Hunting would at least be more rewarding and fun. Every time I wanna meal prep in RDO I just horseback ride and lock-on to deer.
At some point, we all hate it. Hey it feels good to be real sometimes. 
Can we forget that this moment happened
It smelled even worse than it sounds. You learn just how quickly someone's feet can rot and really stink up an entire bay.
Awe that one was just for me but I really like the post
So they are up thanks
Lmao. I still sing fun with the funk sometimes.
"I would hope that Cartoon Network would have nothing to do with it. Would hate to see them ""Teen Titan"" ASOIAF. "
That’s exactly how mine is ! Wow that’s sort of funny there is an actual name For it 😳😔
It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end
Same here. There's so much good to discover in any decade really.
I LOVED having him; every time [NAME] takes that 18 footer I expect to be automatic only to be very disappointed.
is your dad very wealthy by any chance [NAME]
Why is this still not banned
Our soil needs the help! That would be a really unpleasant job.
Yep i always say this. Absolutely best case scenario is a foul ball. If he puts it in play it's probably a dribbler.
Haha I was thinking Utah but... Florida makes sense too. There’s a few crazy states 🤷🏼‍♀️
Not from but I lived there for 12 years until very recently
I do remember this and wanted nothing more than to kill that guy
Ignorance is unfortunately a part of mankind. We are still so Un-evolved
nice!! I'll try this one
giving great [NAME] vibes
The good [NAME]
Yes, would love a list of your favorites! I downloaded the app and it’s pretty great. 
I wouldn’t mind [NAME] on a 4 year contract
Pretty nice to see CONCACAF signing for the CPL.
The inventor of the joke came up with it during the [NAME] administration.
They don’t. Conservatives want to characterize any scoopy news organization as unreliable because they can’t get ahead of them easily.
 You're welcome, I think.
[NAME], just keep doing exactly what you’re doing. I LOVE YOU SO MAAAACH.
This is like aliens coming to this planet, taking you in as a pet, then surrounding you with mannequins. I’d be freaked out too. 
A horrendous amount of Sesame oil, god, that would be awful.
Sorry, realized I hadn’t answered the question lol. Was typing that when your response popped. 
[NAME] is not fascist. Heck,she's not even alt-right
Can't relate because the sadness and loneliness is constant 😎
I love the night shift environment, but hate the lifestyle. I just can't do it. 
I think you should nourish it with activated almonds.
I wish that too.
You know a giant lady as a character would be very interesting in my opinion.
Stop crying already
Great! I love hotsssssssssssss
I would love it ... how does the chat thing work I’m pretty new here
That's way dangerous to keep then together they may break out and start feedig on the other ear buds to gain heir strength
It's good though because itll make you cherish the happy times while youre in them, instead of lookinf back on them.
Meditate. You may need to seek medical help. Good luck, friend.
I mean, it’s kind of her problem. She blithely makes so many mental errors. 
Holy shit bro
That poster is amazing. He needs to sell these online!
I hate people
I guess u were right since [NAME] just posted on ig the Dress made of tampons and pads lol
I love [NAME] as well! He seems like a genuinely nice celebrity
You should watch DS9. It's fantastic, and has a long story arc to follow.
[NAME]. Starring [NAME] as the goofy and lovable [NAME].
The people that use the image and leave that braindead comment are sheep, nothing more nothing less.
Tiki Lounge always smells like sewage. I'm surprise it's lasted this long.
Dude, its **life** it's not **trauma**. Grow up 
Just reading this makes me sick
What bothers me is not the fact that someone disagrees with my lifestyle, it's that they constantly go on and on about..that would annoy anyone.
Right? Most days I wish I had really small ones so guys would look at ME instead of look at my body.
Thanks Harvard!
i am a man and i disagree. i mean you logic is worse if you believe it.
Thanks. And wow! Nice burn.
"Wow those girls in the corner ""twerking"" were the best (worst?) part. "
I love this contract structure especially since [NAME] is only 31.
I remember running into teachers at the grocery store or whatever when I was a little kid and having that same feeling!
I'm impressed you found a non troll post of theirs.
You can always tell from the vote counts lol. They're way too blatant
"He also lost a QB battle to a 40 year old and rookie ""project"" QB that everyone thought needed to sit a year pre-draft."
Hope his bare hands are as clean as the griddles. Ready to eat foods need to be handled with gloves . Very cool machine though .
Yeah I think this is a well rounded pov. Agree.
Disgusting of you [NAME] you filthy who're you pedophilic scum trying to beguile our children it's not gonna work I got [NAME] castorated
Watch the FO not sign anyone. That would be the most dodgers thing ever.
Oh, it's definitely working and that worries me a lot. 
It's a repost but this space is too kindness for a downvote, take care 
When giving birth is the only thing you’ve ever accomplished
22s. Good save. Doing [NAME] work.
No problem at all! If you ever want to talk to some internet random again, feel free to talk to me.
Lol for real tho. But hey, we’re a football, soccer, and tennis school now
Legit I just go to places and tell them to surprise me. That way I get to keep trying new types of food 🥘
[NAME] is the worst coach in bulls history
Im hoping for a relapse too. I like her better, her hair gets darker, her leather jacket comes out. I miss private practice [NAME]
This is terrifying
I don't know who wrote what, but good call - the d's are completely different from one to the other.
So you're male then. Ps ur wrong bud
Is that [NAME] as the commentator? EDIT: just finished the video, feel stupid now
This movie is highly underrated. Part of the problem it has is that Rogue One was SO FREAKING AWESOME!
So you're gay, but you hate men? Yeah, good luck with that working out for you.
[NAME], with his 8th appearance he's the most veteran player there
Yikes. This kind of freaks me out.
Nope, my current response is that both the means and the ends are independently justified on their own accords.
Super excited to watch them in Syracuse next year. Might actually spring for season tickets
It's ok, it's just Gypsy Danger
Yeah, considering guns by themselves aren’t an issue (like I so thoroughly explained to you), that’s a valid argument. 
You got the true ending don't worry, you would only get the bad ending if you rat out your friends or accepted the deal
Read divorce busting and kill all marriage counselors. As much as it sucks...youve been given a gift by him giving you time.
Fcking disgusting.
Expected that. Thanks for your valuable feedback.
oh, rich people loooooooooooooooooooove to prey on the poor, they couldn't bear not raping, mocking, humiliating, profiting from, the 99%
That’s how I outfitted my team in that awesome red and black colossus armor.
Me too, [NAME]. Me too... 
Thank you for the info and source. My source is only from guides, experience, [NAME] videos, and [NAME] videos.
It is genuinely hard to imagine what the Magic basketball experience will be like when these two legends are no longer in their roles.
you’re too lazy to google
It’s not unlikely that his family was already imprisoned or dead, which gave him the window to run. 
But I do I still love him and he still loves me but he says im too immature
She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.
Petition to smite BuzzFeed and Vice off the face of the internet for the bs they post Thank you
I honestly hope you do that
Difficult to see how this video wouldn’t have been much more interesting if properly shot in landscape.
Yes, we are going to kink shame you. 
You must be wrong, because this is the sub for intelligent people!!! 
Happy cake day!
Fantastic thanks! If there’s anything I can do to help you out with the interview or your first year teaching let me know!
Wrong. And UBI sucks unless you include an expansive social safety net too
Just get him out of my sight I’m tired of losing and those who contribute to it
>Dumb, but wonderful. That's my kind of a pet. Silly,soft and adorable. 
Yo where they at, I want to celebrate with them.
Shut up about the sun! SHUT UP ABOUT THE SUN!!!
Please post any news you may find about her fate. This is so sad and so wrong. We need to know what happens to her.
Why pay so much character and it feels so good. In the humble of 1996, the website was a skinny stoner with long hair.
I’m so happy for you. Congrats and thanks for the advice
Except it seems like the constant jerking off about DMC was one of the several things that could have led to them drifting apart.
Those words you used. I don't want to believe that exists.
I have the worst memory ever. Idk if it's from all the weed I smoked but I also have a blank mind like all the time.
He used to be a science teacher!
[NAME]. Im sorry
Ain’t nothin good enough for her
Lol, right? Who says that before banging? “Is you ovulatin?” SOOOO repulsive. 🤮🤮
Easy breezy beautiful cover girl
I love your username...
THIS IS TRAUMATISING
Thank you. Yeah this makes sense too. I could be blaming myself more than I should
Get it out of the way as quickly as possible. Some people claim to like it, so maybe you'll be one of those weirdos.
Getting outplayed by the Cavaliers LOL. Maybe [NAME] and [NAME] can take more bricks this quarter, seems to be working so far 
Excited for this project to be finished when I retire in 30 something years.
Thank you...next
"Lol I always go with public speaking (""but I'm trying to be better at it!!""). "
Oh right I was for reason thinking it was just made out with. Sleep with is even better. Sleep with [NAME], [NAME]! 
Interesting. Never heard of it. Do you like it?
Lol it's a public sidewalk, I wouldn't call it their set 
Love me some sushi! Have yo give this a try!
That's literally impossible.
Hey quick brag, this post was read by [NAME], episode 63! I'm actually really excited, he's one of my favorites.
Ah TDS victim, got it.
What a horseshit response
So he is half decent. Glad to see your finally making some sense.
[NAME] I wish that was a more active sub :(
Just borrow against your 401k, it would be stupid not to. Unless you plan to retire in hell.
Recently Retired cop here. I love to see this. This is what he’s fighting to stop.
Best sub ever
I want Cowboys and Bears to win so the Raiders draft picks are at best picks 25 & 26
oh the irony
You can't expect him to like food
Good idea, brought to the table by a questionable at best minister, likely for the purpose of shifting focus away from his failures. 
i think the telekinesis could make a great card. sth like: move an enemy card to another position and stun its new neighbors for this round.
Thoughts and Prayers... Go get fucked, fascist redneck scum!
Maybe you can't, but plenty of other people would be able to.
Trier is low key an awful defender
Omg I just looked it up and all the places look so beautiful there 😍 also I’m sorry that it’s homophobic
This is something kids do on their twitch streams to get subs, pretty sad.
Every time, lots of people overwhelm me. I have light sensitivity to florescents so that doesn't help. 
No idea but as of last year there was a cat that liked to hang out there. Hope he’s okay ❤️
Cheers to that, girl. 🥂 
It inhales you ignorant octorok
How dare you, she's in your flair too!
But the best part is the struggle snuggle as we like to call it.
That's a maryland fan comment. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Bless you.
Dumb question: what's a gilding train?
The wage, you Fucking troll. But you don't care do you? See your post history.
Happy MLK day
Good point. Thank you. My condolences for your own loss.
Same.. If I'm particularly stressed out someone just walking down the same road as me feels like they're invading my space.
Why yes that ass is flawless
RNG-based access to very important mechanics is frustrating for some people.
It is. It’s so bad. Then I start blaming myself for liking them. It’s like I have no control over this.
Yes I keep hearing it’s a great and eye opening read so it on my to read list. thanks 👍
I love this cross-over
I’m scared of shots, but I’m more scared of dying. What Anti-vaxxers are scared of is autism
It would be cool but I like his commentating too much lol
Gotta love acid
This does not have to be juice I don’t think. Six months is a long time
Some very fine, well developed grade school humor right there.
[NAME] is clearly our 5th best player
Thanks [NAME] for holding on to our $17.5M. We will be needing that back though.
Wow. Thanks for this.
I agree with this, but I'm guessing it's because he works from home and can work anywhere while she can't.
Well everyone is entitled to their opinion but I think you need to be a bit more mature about everyone having different bodies
I'm as big a packers fan as the next guy, but that car is ugly lol
American democracy is weak but it's not dead. If the intention of your comment was to discourage people from voting then you are the problem.
Well done! Keep it going mate. If you’re struggling reach out to whoever you can!
Glad someone brought that up.
Ahhh, I see it now. Thanks.
You’re a life saver, wish you a blessed new year 
Congrats on the sex!
yeah I agree w you, just annoying that the limit is so small
That doesn't answer my question.
I'm sorry you needed to add this. I thought your humour was pretty obvious, but this is reddit....
Firm, but gentle. Baby hamsters or live goldfish. Soft female hands caressing my balls is a wonderful feeling. 
All the people in this thread are fucking disgusting
Sadly enough I was thinking the same.
you dirty karma theft
SHE. IS. THE. FUCKING. WORST. P.S. You’re not fat, you just need a stylist. 🙄
I've seen that profile picture before..this guy is a repeat offender
Yes! My SO does that, unfortunately the requirements are stricter and I can't :(
No because thats stupid
I feel a sense of unease tbh
middle of lane is dumb that’s where all the oil pools, lane split seems like no one likes it but that’s more understandable
That doesn’t even look like her! Except the [NAME] in the background, now that’s the one we know and love.
Oh that's good!
I believe it was clear I disagreed. And I don’t play wow.
Let's get things back on track! Happy new year!
This is exactly what it's been like. I feel personally victimised by it all
Enjoy it! You have a good one for your first!
When I get real pissed I just do R2 then R3 after lol.
I love how their comparing [NAME] one shtick (not including highlighter) to the comedy skills of queens with actual performance talents.
That's not cute
I'm glad you did because this was the comment where I stopped my fast scroll haha.
damn that kid can jump
Yow thats gnarly.
you in the wrong *childhood*
Don't chase after out of position teammates. Your life as a Mercy is more important. Let them fools die and learn their lesson.
Great post! I have tried online dating in the past and I've noticed these things before.
Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays
Still can't see. Thanks.
Your TLDR sucks
I like this new trend
"I'd buy this and use the ""wash, dry, fold"" setting exclusively. Sounds great to me. "
Best bedtime Christmas story ever.
Hey it’s not bad though! Quick recovery, just follow their rules! Good luck!
... that's simply wrong.
This is like the timeline from hell.
Really worried about NISA translating it, but at this point I don't care any more, as long as we get an english version of it.
The food you are putting in your mouth is causing obesity. Stop abusing it. A higher body weight is the cause of your increased risk of ILLNESSES
She's been fired and shamed out of existence. Good riddance.
Mmm... chocolate weekends are my favorite.
Aw thanks!!!
I love music but I haven't given a shit about the Triple J's Hottest 100 in at least 10 years
Quite superpower you got there, op. Reminds me of [NAME] in Unbreakable. U beautiful person!
Keep going man. I’ve been enjoying reading your posts. All the best!
This thread was actually inspired by one of your comments
I saw it when it was at the Mackintosh Church in Glasgow, it’s pretty impressive. 
Oh, the show that had [NAME]? Yeah screw him.
That’s better:-) now go get em tiger
This would be very much appreciated.
Damn, sometimes I love people here. 
ha ha LOL guys aren't we so QuIrKyyyy
That's what I came here for, thanks
I like her too! I hope she does well and stays away from [NAME].
Thank you so much. I fixed it
No thanks probably stank af.
As someone who has polluted their body with copious amounts of sugar, I somewhat doubt steroids are any worse. Abuse anything and it will hurt you.
I love [NAME] already
I really like this ring so I’m glad to hear that.
I'm just really sad all that cake was wasted.
wow this seems like a huge ᴡᴀsᴛᴇ ᴏ- ᴡᴀɪᴛ ᴀ ᴍɪɴᴜᴛᴇ. ɴᴏ, ᴛʜɪs ɪs ɢᴏᴏᴅ
Thank you :)
there's a lot of lol revs people whenever [NAME] tweets something like this
Honestly right now I just need to know why our usernames are so similar. Haha...
What a beautiful memory for you to have found. So sorry for your loss ❤️
Thank god I'm not dating anymore. I wouldn't want to risk some girl I'm trying to bang seeing my reddit history.
Yes, thank [NAME] the wisest of [NAME] live outside your country
Dam 😣 that was awesome!
Yes owe I believe 13,000$ something on it currently.
You give me too much credit... That comment is as trash as the meme
Wow, really have to hand it to you on knowing 6600 S Harvard beautiful big old homes down there!
No thanks, he’s already been flushed
Honestly his post was a little sad. The fact that it got upvotes makes me want to avoid this sub over the summer.
At my job I can/Do get laid a lot so the second one!!
Yeah that was inexcusable
I made one comment, and you came in to call it childish..... like, what else are you doing besides badgering?
How generous :) you must really make them happy. Good on you for that
Thank [NAME] for the person walking down the sidewalk otherwise i would have thought it was a loop immidiately
Haha I didnt even notice. I guess it does.
Thanks fam jam.
You will have symptoms for a few more weeks while it kicks in, good luck, glad to see youre doing better
He loves buying people beer. He got into that industry to buy people beer.
Nuh uh. She didn't go to Gudger College.
Offense does too. Love [NAME] but he's hurting our spacing being out there so much.
Yes, you do live in a clown world, laugh it up, degenerate.
Online gaming is toxic. If those cuts were ever tapped, there would be lots of people in jail.
Thanks. I'll be phoning the psych tomorrow (maybe) about med increase since I'm on the lowest anyways.
CANADA! HOW ARE YA, NOW?
I can see the place where I grew up on here :)
...I mean, that part isn't necessarily wrong. It's Iowa...
I think bluey is quite possibly the greatest kids s how I've ever seen So quintessentially Aussie, nails family life, funny as hell. Love it
As a whole, yes, if it wasn't for Classified being the greatest thing to come to zombies since bo1, then I'd have to agree.
what a beast
Love this guy, love this team
Right on [NAME] having a big year, but [NAME] was super disappointing this year.
It’s not even bad. Some people love dark humor, especially when delivered in a super serious way.
I only watch bad animes sorry
Thanks for this.
You have a talent use it, take your time would love some pop kids melodies etc subscribers will come for sure
[NAME] and [NAME] = The hero's we need, but not the hero's we deserve.
Nice try Mommy shark
I’ve still not noticed the kid
I for one am happy for [NAME] ballin out. Now let's go win this game !!!!
If you think all manufactured foods haven't got those contaminants then you're sadly mistaken.
I love how he looks around for a flag and doesn’t celebrate at first
This a very obvious joke. Also the old facepalm picture doesn't make your post better.
Way to go! I know who this couple is! they appear really happy!
O cool noworries ya I don't actually hate [NAME] he's now my favorite player for Vegas.
Omg I commented on your original post. I hope you’re doing better and I’m glad this all came out and you got closure.
Intersectionality might seem strange at first, but it really is a good framework for understanding people’s individual struggles within the context of society’s biases.
We’re used to crazy cold weather but this is much worse, a lot of people are just staying inside till Thursday.
Personally really enjoyed it. Have it in my top 3 AC games with AC2 and Black Flag in there too.
Did anyone see [NAME] get pushed around by [NAME] and [NAME] in the post win lineup? I burst out laughing!
That's quite a lot worse tbh
Listening to his speeches are truly moving!
I know right. It feels really good when someone acknowledges your existence. I hope more moments like these come for you.
Sad, but American
Wish they would of given air vehicles some love. A lot of ace pilots hated the game.
I love it
Not in the slightest. Who would have guessed the [NAME] would do this LMAO.
Omg two little blankets for your penis. LOVE THAT.
I like how people are downvoting when this is how so many military coups have happened. I challenge those who downvote to prove me wrong
Wow that’s like - sound porn.
lmao I love this, I love speaking nonsense to myself as well
R&M is still a good show but it's fans have driven it to Fortnite levels of annoyance.
Download it again.
Being lonely without him is far better than being lonely with him. Good line. I'm stealing that one!
I don't think either of them took that bump outside any worse than the other. That was jarring.
Youre right...shes one of my least fav characters. I think they use her as a straight foil in alot of episodes.
FANTASTIC, was watching this episode last night. [NAME] is great.
PS4 with pure vanilla setting, after a little practice counter GB and feint is the easiest thing to do
Canada is full of nice people, but has also produced some pretty gnarly serial killers, so...
Organs are literal superfoods and it weirds me out there hasn't been some fad diet with them yet.
toxic players will sure show you the ways soon enough. Hope you got the game for free.
[NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.
Great! I hope we can make our loan system work better
Super glad this is now all nice and official! Really looking forward to working the NGS peeps!
Word salad. You want America to do Afghanistan's job for them. It's not happening, those days are over.
Rice grad here, can confirm, am owl.
I’ll join your cause brother!
Yea no problem just be aware that when you are trying to aim at someone it can lock onto the wrong target because of the bigger lock on area
It's good if you hate workers and love pollution
"""You should be so lucky."" Bonus points if they get confused. "
Outrage over something that isnt even true. Thats sad man Edit: well the bandwaggoning part is true
he's a con artist. they're pretty good at making themselves sound smart and capable.
Same...except that I'm not good looking :
[NAME] sweetie i’m so sorry
His army of Swedish blondes are going to be upset.
>Sorry, but any city that had any kind of ~~epidemic in its~~ history will have bunches of dead people buried under it.
I agree. There was just a big disconnect. They weren't talking specifically about masculinity but about certain situations that are toxic.
This makes me so happy!
our boi famous
Yeah... THEY are the one looking for attention. This type of comments should be ignored. I hate troll comments.
I disagree. In that I believe that season 3 was also very good. I think it's better than season 4.
We're one in the same!!!!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂
Nobody likes you nonhuman mimics and everyone knows what you are.
Hold my wine, I have to go vomit in sorrow. 
Good. They can afford it.
I know, I know, but CAN YOU BLAME ME FOR BEING NERVOUS
Exactly. So many people live here because they love public transit. It is an ammenity. NJ is not trying to make a profit from the PATH.
This really circled my jerk
Got me spitted coffee all over my phone🤣
I honestly loved her performance as [NAME] in Scott Pilgrim. But then again I also love Scott Pilgrim so...
Just like that fucking idiot that was just trying to kidnap that woman, and chased her into a Karate studio... turned out just about the same.
Love the alliteration here.
Try Venezuela. It's your communist utopia in action.
Had to sober up before I could figure out YouTube, but that was amazing.
Why is it that EVERY SINGLE TIME ONE OF THESE HAPPENS I’m only like a day late
Thanks for the help.
It’s the format. It’s like one of those bad [NAME] memes
My jersey has the great number 10 on it!!
This just makes me feel inferior at this point.
Terrible shade of lipstick she's wearing...
Lmao, your joke did not go unnoticed to me!
All I can say is.. good luck bro
Hm, I haven’t heard that opinion before but it sounds good. Thanks for the advice!
Oh of course!
Hurr durr everyone needs to worry about other people’s problems
Physical copies at my preffered online retailer actually sold out. Its crazy. For all platforms.
Parents drugging their kids to prove a point. I love it.
In many states the law prosecutes the server just as harsh as the lawbreakers when it comes to alcohol. Dram shop law
"Haha, some days I channel Dory from finding nemo- ""Just keep swimming, just keep swimming"". Glad to hear you have a break coming. "
[NAME] being discussed as top 15-20 pick, [NAME] top 5 and [NAME] early round 2. This would be the most amazing draft ever though lol
Yet we keep supporting this race to the bottom to the worst tolerable option...
Yeah that's what I just got. Fkin annoying.
I love reading positive stories!! Happy for you, OP!
You’ll struggle to get premier league tickets (without paying a hefty premium) so concentrate on the lower leagues.
And I taught my room was dirty and that I was not taking care of my self. Good job op
Pretty sure it was New Orleans.
I agree. I was merely attacking the fragility and ineffectiveness of democracy. Thanks for the example!
I never understood the part where he dives into a pile of money, even as a child. It seems wildly painful.
Oh alright fair enough haha. If the sabres dont pan out I'll root for him also!
Ur a silly goose
Funny how that works! Thanks for digging up the link, I've been on a 90s ska nostalgia trip ever since I clicked it :P
It's actually pretty cool in here today, not hot at all
Thanks, I find your poor implementation of punctuation to be very amusing. It's good that there's something we can enjoy about each other.
This has to be a joke. Your written word is atrocious.
Hey mods... let's not allow articles pushing unsubstantiated rumour from poor sources
Why not? Just go for it. It'll make a great story to tell at your 50th wedding anniversary party.
"I've said it before, and I'll say it again. ""I don't want fucking unity with racists who put children in cages""."
This is an uninformed and incorrect statement. It doesn’t take even close to that long.
Nah man I prefer endless cause of the part where he goes WOMWOMWOMWOMWOMWOM WOOOOOO REEEEEEEEE like that's lyrical genius right there
"lol, as he goes down on you he suddenly screams into your vagina ""THE BEES THE BEES""."
Ah man I finished RDR2 twice, so decided to try out GTA V and ran into [NAME] last night! Awesome character!
I don't remember, it was all very hazy...
Scary stuff.
I love this!!! You got it!
But he makes her vagina sing! How else is she supposed to act around him. Haha
I like your style, let's not wait on any historians to miss any opportunities. 
Better hope nobody steals your keys
that's really good
ooohhhh when he look at the camera at the end it's the cutest shit ever
But I think his feelings care about the fact that he's still not tall enough to ride any of the roller coasters at Disneyland
I love how serious and mad cats get when the dog starts messing around with them all playful
Ah ok, that makes more sense. I don’t think most [NAME] would see your last name and try to make it French, lol.
I sure hope so! Otherwise, I've been in the wrong sub.
Yeah, sadly, looks like this champ will be pretty opressive. 
Can’t wait for the saas drama!!! 😂😂
Yeah I know what you meant. Fuck the police, most of them are vile pieces of shit, they deserve every kick in the back they get.
I don’t really have much to say. There’s a bad idea, and there’s straight up disgusting.
Meanwhile my sister won’t even hug my goodbye when I drop her off at school.
She does it again in last nights episode, it’s so shady!!
It's not free, though. It's ridiculously expensive.
Heh, don't know how it was back then but I'd really suggest giving it a spin now - it's like life-consumingly good!
That is patently false, considering his history of driving multiple businesses into the ground.
It’s time for some moderator field work!
[NAME] has some great videos on the guy. He's definitely a piece of work.
Hahahahahahahaa (Sorry, that is all I can say, it does not require a more intelligible comment.) 
Oh. Damn.
[NAME] damn hippies
Haha fair enough. Lucky you :P
I'm happy I live in a country where machete attacks don't have to be a real concern.
Right like interacting with each other having a normal evening? Ugh they’re both so trashy I’m sorry.
Thanks so much! Im not sure if its directly from youtube its
Now this REALLY sucks
Looks like this person just solved the world’s starvation problem. Get a Nobel Prize ready for them!
I wish I had known this when my kitty ran off years ago. 😭
THIS BULLSHIT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER. SIGNATURE WIN. [NAME] SMELLS LIKE SHIT AND DOESN'T RECYCLE.
This makes me very happy, thank you for sharing!
I was just gonna say this look like fake karma.
Thank you for your service
*OOH* *AH* *OW*
I don't mean at Blizzcon but shortly after, like a week, imo that would have been for the best for the players and everyone involved
Anyway, it's 00:33 am here at the moment, so I'm gonna head to bed. Thank you for reading and good night :)
No it’s definitely you. Time for you to grow up.
Sorry if this has been covered a bunch but what happened on the play where [NAME] got injured?
Couldn't have happened to a nicer person.
A good therapist can lead you to talking about what you need to talk about once they get to know you and your emotions and trends
Idk if I’m wrong but I think they gave her some piercings on her ear which are cool too
We're not a democracy. WE'RE A COUNTRY
Needed a good laugh today 😂
I'd rather die than drive a Volvo!
cars don't start, sometimes car doors are frozen shut. that's the worst of what i've experienced.
Best of luck mate. I’ve yet to reach my limit but this brought me closer
This is absolutely precious
Lol that’s incredible! PLO is such an amazing game, so much more entertaining than NLH. Good job pal. 
Lol nope. She helped me alot through it. I'd say [RELIGION]/parents made me miserable
You really shouldn’t just pat wolves you know...
[NAME] has continued to show how selfish she is throughout the years..we shouldn't be surprised at this. [NAME] forbid she be the bigger person for the kids.
thank you SO SO much for your help <3
I appreciate it! I spent a lot of time crafting a story I wanted to tell.
oh yah, no worries. I appreciate your time and thoughtfulness. 
THIS MADE ME CRY
This is the most high school post I’ve ever seen on this subreddit.
Oh I know lol I overdid it w that comparison. The point is singers have shit vocal nights but that doesn’t make them unprofessional. Shit happens.
He’s gone soon I would imagine, hope we can get a late-mid round pick for him, like a 5th
I like him 1.thats why I agree to go on a 2nd and 3rd date, 2. we text a lot. I just take things slow.
""" Alright Little orphan [NAME], it's time for you to start earning your keep around here!"""
Yeah that's not nearly as dramatic and aggressive as the ball in the above video.
I doubt I'll ever own one of those, I'm a bookworm and I love the smell of old books. Thanks for the info, nonetheless.
Lol there you go. Forgot to switch back from your alt for a second there.
I love [NAME], but this sounds like he’s claiming signing a 26 year old superstar is stupid. Come on.
I live downtown and walk around at odd hours of the night all the time. Love the empty and abandoned feel of the city.
Got a good laugh out of that. Plenty of wall of shame material.
Some of them will have to get new vehicles to meet the requirements. That means we get cleaner air. Where's the problem exactly?
Awesome! Thank you!
Humanity is doomed
Probably vallied out man haha
Maybe you'll get lucky and it will fall apart before they go through with it.
He's 38 he should retire I hope he at least gets traded to a contender
Thank [NAME] she did the math for us
Y’all out here really believing this and I think that’s the funniest part
Oh absolutely. No way he should run in 2020. I don't know what alternatives there are though.
how blurry this photo is r/mildlyinfuriating
We also one because [NAME] straight took that game over late.
Lol I can’t wait to end up on this sub one day.
And why would I do that? Edit: Thanks for setting up that Walder Frey line for me
Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school
2-4 minutes is not enough time to wash long hair. 10-15 minutes minimum. Stay strong!
That's not a healthy way of thinking. Obviously that dude was troubled and, without proper help, he would have done these things regardless.
I’m glad I’m not the only one who was pedantic enough to notice.
Are you daft ... ? That is and always has been the proposal. [NAME] don't listen and don't care though. Fucking dumbass.
Fun fact. If you combined North Dakota, South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana into one state it would have roughly the same population as Puerto Rico!
learn to say no more. After a few times you have something you like destroyed it gets easier.
I love how many penguins stopped and waited for him 😍
Thank you, next! 
Going to the doctor tomorrow for a checkup to make sure everything is normal and hopefully this shit is just in my head.
you guys got hate in your heart
That’s adorable! He probably wants them all in one spot so he can make sure they’re ok and not getting lost or hurt.
I think you'll find that dating is really difficult for poly men. It's the biggest reason why I'm monogamous.
It’s perfect. You’re perfect. Never change.
“Lol that’s Sammie coates replacement not minds take it how you want to I am back”- [NAME] - AB
THIS IS SO GOOD. Thank you!!!
Mr. Met is a legend! Outrageous. Now... If you wanna talk about hateworthy mascots... The Phanatic fits the bill.
So true! My brain always goes to these places when buying a car...
This is the worst take I have ever heard on cooking ever.
Glad he survived or it might have become a *dead*lift.
> It's not like Bonds use was worse or anything list would beg to differ.
I will absolutely tell him this. Thank you. Congrats for making it out of the fog yourself.
I usually say , DON'T BE EMBARRASSED ! They don't know you anyway...mm
There’s always that one friend 😂
This is a very good point, which I hadn't thought of. Thanks dull!
Awesome! I look forward to updating.
He must smell terrible when he sweats. That's honestly pretty gross.
No R movies or tv shows, no buy from me. But I’m sure people with kids will love it.
lol classic [NAME]
Awesome! Welcome aboard! I'm glad your first game was a win!
I am proud of you random internet stranger, you peopled good today.
Well that explains why [NAME] was able to win
It is so ugly I felt personally attacked by it, what can I say
Thanks for this.😊 I like to learn new things. #experiencematters **Themoreyouknow**🌈 
Thanks
I like it. Ending made me cry happy tears. I don't cry often
I just found my new flair. Thanks [NAME].
Yep. He also said it’d happen on a Manbij patrol
Usually they dont even show up when you call them and they are a rare sight in the city. Good luck finding one.
I hope everyone has a nice day.
Oh I wasn't offended. ITA with you on the rest.
I stand corrected. As I said, wonderful charities. I will always enjoy GDQ, just not revalant to my experience.
my god quit getting blocked
You're* Stay in school lol
Your link won't load and are you seriously citing fucking Syria as a successful example of anything? [NAME] holy motherfucking pecker.
Well one of them is a dirty kimono wearing weirdo
No one wants the wrong person executed for a crime fool
I totally thought that this match would be a draw due to [NAME] interfering. I should never make any picks in the pick'em contest ever again.
Excellent, I was wondering about [NAME] the moron recently.
I hate you for that title. Thanks a lot. /s Right as I’m about to go to sleep too.
Eh, it'll be alright. Just another battle scar haha. Best of luck to the both of us! 
I don't feel so financially secure
Dude you really like The Strokes.
You still didn’t answer the question. Sorry it’s bugging me :)
Because I am a human, and I can do whatever I want, as long as it's not against the law
I cant think of anything funny to say so upvote to give me free karma
No one makes it through. We all die. Just some sooner than others.
It's great! And it's his own choice, you don't force him.
So true. The chicks I pick up from clubbing are nothing compared to the love of a good woman.
I can't do that....I don't know how to hard boil eggs sooooo
That's nothing, before BSE we did horrible things with bone meal animal feed. Cannibal cows.
They’re not exactly tiny creatures. Patch that hole up, my dude.
😂 i need one too i’m on break and honestly my life revolves around reddit at this point, cake day is special enjoy it! 
"I've tried the ""peanut butter""...I almost vomited. NASTY! It went straight to the trash."
[NAME] would be really pissed off to lose c3po and r2 to the fucking destroy ending
I really love how this team responds to injuries
I actually find it easier to place spawn beacons in stupid spots like this than a nice flat empty piece of ground.
If you can't see how the mass killing of Landlords is related to Communist ideology, there is really no point discussing further.
I... don‘t see anything wrong with that?
Franchise QB's are leaders who set the tone for the entire lockerroom. [NAME] is a terrible leader.
[NAME] FIRED.
Except [NAME] still went with the happy ending instead of ending it at the Aningaaq scene.
YOU LIKE TURTLES? Gimme a second.
"""You can't stop me"" Ah yes, those playful words when referring to a sexual act..."
Yeah, I wouldn't be too surprised by that either. I'm so excited to see or hear SOMETHING though. 
Wow that's amazing, I hope my situation is as good next year. 
My dad loves playing sport......the sport of slam dunking my arse for a touchdown
Wow! That's awesome! Congratulations! Its wonderful to have hope of being off medications one day.
I feel so bad for [NAME]. It was probably hard to concentrate on this match with the things going on in his personal life
You credit yourself with acheivment you do not deserve. Not a first and defenitely wont be the last time.
I needed this today. Thanks stranger
"I said to myself ""It's going to be reefer madness"" Clicked the link and it was Reefer Madness."
I get hella pissed when people who are shorter than me complain about being too tall.
"""This droid has a bad motivator."""
I would play the fuck out of this game
Yeah after I showed it to my friend a few minutes later I realized what he meant but I forgot to remove my post.
Those are different, you don't tie that shit to the weakest part, they just stay on there by magic
I never knew cringing could be so ...cathartic.
The co-worker thing is generally for the best,the rest I agree.
Wtf if this is true it’s the funniest thing I’ve read all day.
Change your mindset to not expect anything in return, if they do great if not...their loss
I agree with you, I just don't believe it will happen.
You missed the point 🙃
Wow, so he was pulling his own little mini [NAME] scam. Explains why he couldn't use your reporting tool.
WHO WON THIS FIGHT My thoughts: neither side did a good job at explaining their positions and this entire interview was mostly useless
Thanks lol someone else just filled me in on the backstory haha 😂
And they went to therapy. At least they made active steps to work on their problems unlike a lot of other people.
I'm really happy he and [NAME] are finding success
I just say I don't know shit. I'm just a ape man on a rock.
Thank you thank you!
I would not recommend contacting her. That would probably creep her out.
I suppose it is quite frustrating to have someone telling you the sky isn't blue
Yeah, sure, but it's beatable. It's made to be beaten, not otherwise. That's what I meant with my speech.
I love your art style, that looks fantastic!
Welcome to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, where families can be SEPARATED forever
This happens to me all the time I’m so sorry 😣 it’s always with burgers, too. So painful. 
my good girl
"BEN ""[NAME]"" LOVEJOY!"
Can’t stand that dwarfism [NAME] she is so cringe
I punch them in the throat before they get the chance to speak.
Congratulations! Hard work always pays off! :) Hope you enjoy your new job!!
This is awesome. But also r/dontdeadopeninside
Oh my [NAME] that's so awkward
[NAME] and [NAME] are my favorite gay couple
Nice bosses are still just bosses here to exploit you, just to also make you feel bad for, instead of afraid of, defying them
Very cool toys, very cool video, very cool hostd
>the decades after WWII That includes 1950. If you want to insult me, read your own fucking post first
Try wearing something unattractive when that student is around.
Thanks for the heads up! I’ve been wanting to see this for a while.
I left the business never to come back. Then I met the owner of this place. I love this job.
I really havent found any of these so far that funny. Although his backflips and other stuff are pretty impressive
I want to go scuba diving so bad, but swimming in anything bigger than a pool terrifies me.
I like how everyone is being so mysterious about the proof that has convinced them
Ha ha ha, thank you so much, he is a total gentleman. Ok, bull by the horns time!
I hope that you still send her a bag each Christmas?
I love how you only see these types of comments on Japanese games, brings out the inner weep.
Don't worry, [NAME] is there.
i actually laughed at that lol good one man
> the ruts laid out for you by the people who raised you I like that. It's the perfect imagery.
I don't mind posts bashing NOED or DS. But I wish this one would make sense or would be funny.
Sorry. I know I should be grateful and happy.
That is so cool!
Wow look at this deep pockets eating a lentil a day, I have to slice mine to last me a month!!!
I enjoy that general area. Sections 203-205 are good sections pricewide and view wise
I mean, a lot of animals I've seen get terrified of regular stuffed animals, imagine having your fears super sized like that
Did I present a braiwashing sect as something positive? Both are bad, but at least you can therapy your way out of emo.
They've provided plenty of evidence that you have only supported so far.
Fine. I hope he has a fine wife and she’s fine if he shall need to pay a fine.
Arguing the semantics of the word argument. Clever girl...
Seriously, I’ve been catching and loving this one since it first came out.
Was not expecting that spongebob reference
I love it when kids shut down these tired lines we adults feed them. She probably needed that. Well done.
Pam Beesly and Jim... What a waste.
They lived a good life! I honor them by using all their parts
I think that had to do more with not wanting to hurt the old man lol
Oh no that's so awkward, I don't understand how people don't understand how weird things like that are! 
You freakin wizard, I love this. 
a weird way to spell Boys Don’t Turbo Grafx 16
Cheers, mate! I know you can do it! :)
K... I guess I'll just take your work for it.
I doesn't have nudity so i didnt NSFW it, but i get why you'd say that. thanks for the compliment tho
Seriously. The only thing that gave it away was no spelling errors.
That’s always my worst fear when the idea of leaving during January comes up. I wish you the best of luck in unthawing them!
He looks so dapper.
Ohhh lol, gross and funny
Yeah I can understand there their confusion more but yeah. Reminds me of [NAME] haha.
I have always found them grating
sadly it would take wayyyyyy more than this to ever change custody agreements. documenting it for her own sanity is a good idea, though.
"It was SO hard to click the upvote button on this one. It's one of those ""I hate it. Well done"" moments."
hahahaha!! the seedy underbelly of the competitve choir world - exposed!!
Lol maybe he is not but I think my point still stands 😄
Yeah it isn't the same singer. 'Don't hug me I'm scared' is voiced by [NAME], the lead singer of KKB is [NAME]
Holy shit nice block [NAME]
That’s the chelsea board will all know and hate.
"This whole episode is one of my favorites; it has this AND ""Requiem for a Tuesday"" AND ""the Low-Cal Calzone Zone"" "
Clearly not Cubs fans.
Hell yeah, i agree ☺
I doubt people are *happy*, but they probably aren’t sad about someone who was potentially endangering others through their anti-science views.
What a quote. Very perceptive.
I'm glad I could contribute some positivity! All the best to you and your kids!
"I love this; now when commies say they had the word ""libertarian"" first, we can say we had class analysis first!"
This has to be a joke...
Sexy teeth.
What a grim statistic for Canada.
I just want to live. You're the sad loser for going out of your way to comment something so completely stupid
I wanna die I don't wanna live anymore I really wanna die so bad Please return me to the dark abyss I long for death’s sweet kiss
You look the same to me, but I'm happy you had a goal and accomplished it!! You're a cutie !! 
Nope, it’s love. 
Lol I didn’t mind group projects much, I only did when I didn’t have friends in the class.
And here I am thinking that the animation after surrender/Victory is annoying ;-;
Sure but the news article with [NAME] vanishing has been there since the very beginning.
Maybe so. Should I try to ask her about it? I'm worried that will only scare her more
I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.
Read his post again. 'It's more fact based than Fox.' I'm sorry but you might have some extra chromosomes.
Ahhhhh you should start screaming and flailing. What a piss poor argument. Now I believe in invisible dragons.
No he's right, and you're deflecting from his argument.
This is stupid
Just watched the ET interview and it really was good! Love that hoodie strategy haha
Adapt and overcome
This is garbage. No. My garbage has more compositional worth than this. Hipster pepto bismol vomit looking trash.
Going to my favorite greasy burger place in Madison tonight to celebrate my ability to eat delicious burgers whenever I want because I'm in my early 20's
I still maintain the packers were a worse team this year.
I love this. I really want to hug [NAME] now.
They call it the hub and spoke system. They neglected to include a wheel.
I’m always reminded by my relatives on my birthday asking me if I have a girlfriend yet. Sorry bro ima yeet out of the social norm.
"""Thanks for showing me your red flags within the first 10 seconds of interaction."""
I live in Canterbury haha
Happy Together. It feels so natural.
Thanks for the clarification, appreciate that.
I think [NAME] said it best. When two people watch the same video and see completely different events....there's no fixing that.
Looks like a poached egg.
Glad I tend to post pics of my cats and not myself.
I don't think WI is lean red, after 2018 I'd argue for it being either tossup or lean blue.
"""I'm here for the strings"" I like this."
Had my suspicions but didn't want to mindread such a civilized honest actor.
It’s always nice to say something [nice]!
Oh hell yeah
Dam boys, we announcing players back in training like new signings! 
They are very heavily scripted which is why it can be borderline unethical.
No worries, thanks for replying back! Rotary means you teach one subject and see different classes instead of teaching multiple subjects to the same class :)
i'm enjoying this so much
Worst dad ever!
The loading screen has the circle at the bottom that just keeps spinning. I tried uninstalling the app and that didn't work either.
No particular sauce, I'm just kinda tired of having to search that tiny lil speck of pan for at least 2 minutes before I find it.
I don’t like [NAME] in the slightest but I hate [NAME] even more. Get her Belcalis
Kick him out. Overgrown baby.
It's like an Arts school but with dangerous, easily weaponizable spells being flung all over the place!
That sounds like an appropriate response. Thank you for saving me the time.
"Funny part is There ISNT a wall (but maybe should be) and there ARE already plenty of ""Sensible"" Gun laws"
I do this but but feel better in the end because I use it for procrastination. It's a weird combinational to feel better and worse while cleaning.
 I have worked at a shitty, south side smoke shop before so I can imagine all of these interactions perfectly hahahaha
If Studio MDHR did this, I'd buy it.
Such bullshit. Reloading components included? Not that they'd let that stand in subsequent laws if it is.
Thank you, I appreciate it. It was, and still is hard to deal with. 
Feeling insecure now
Found my flair.
it's so funny how the mods in that sub behave in comparison to the mods in this sub
If too many medical professionals die then life will be worse as we cannot get medical treatment
Aha thank you!. I didn't know there is a ca one
"We had 3 whole pallets of this one doll and I'm like ""wtf"" so I checked and the location said 8000 something lmao."
Stop giving this idiot attention.
Wish I was this happy
Good luck with writing in the future :D Everyone has to have their critics...right?
This isn't even his highlight of his week. It's the highlight of the last few decades. Damn onions.
Oof nice one bro
Greetings, fellow resident of a rectangle with a pointy bit in the corner.
Way too much fuuuck
Ok im om the hunt thanks
Well since they hate cops and love criminals... this fits for them
I wouldn't ever make a broad generalization like that. Typical honkies, assuming stuff
I don't think either of them is a bad director. They are both bad writers, though.
As an [NAME], I apologize for the cranky old conservatives who are probably making ridiculously uninformed comments about your country right now :/
Uh, loved and lost, for sure. I’d like at least one pleasant memory to look back on.
They stole my joke, damn them!
Sorry my teams gave you your only two losses this season ;)
Why the fuuuhhh
Good luck!
He a cute sneck
If we can’t close these type of games at home, we don’t deserve the playoffs. 
I will say that her housing bill left a very bad taste in my mouth, and this is coming from someone with a very high opinion of [NAME].
Yep, you can go around crashing into things and run people over and completely get away with it. 
Couldn’t agree more
I'll have one in front and one behind. Please and thank you!
Of course, us first borns gotta stick together. ❤️
This hits hard, sadly both of my relationships have been toxic so I've decided not to start any new ones until I start going to uni 
This!!! 🐃 and 💍 for your hard work!
Kids can't have fun anymore...:(
The USA welfare spend is quite low per gdp compared to first world countries. The safety nets are ridiculous or nonexistant and the inequality is ridiculous...
Live about 2 mins from there. Love the view of Waramaug from Tanner Hill.
Well done OP for acting on your words. I hope you have a great day together!
Why? I love it.
You don't really work for the TSA if they aren't paying you. You are a slave. Go home.
I'm more worried about it randomly saying daddy across the top ... Like that's normal
>!I always assume that Motoyasu's team changes once every week or something.!<
> It’s generally viewed upon as being one of the worst [NAME] games ever made. No it isn't. Source that claim.
Its hard to explain i feel everything is distant.
Standing ovation. Nicely done.
Noooo no more NEXTs anymore! They are obviously just a kid who is excited to discover music. Give them a break! :/
Subway is the smartest option unless you have tones of stuffs to carry !
He’s really good.
* yes * yes * yes * yes
This is awesome! do you have any more artwork on a website or social site? Is this for sale!?
Free weed lol don't get what you're complaining about.
Can't wait for it.
I can't wait to see what us skilled workers get. Thanks government for telling businesses how to run and wrangle unskilled workers with no ambition.
Nice rifle. I have a T3 in 7mm rem mag. N Mine would suck as a SHTF rifle, but it's great for hunting.
See you all tomorrow for FIN - USA! End of the evening iguana
I used the call screening on my sister for a laugh.. she was not as amused as I was :)
yeah you're right. i just glanced over and thought it was a swish haha
I love that you made sure not to let the last 4 or 5 fall over. That’s important.
want* a source on that, sorry.
Seriously, it really made me happy! I hope when OP scrolled through she felt a little tingle of happiness too.
Her lying, narcotics addicted, pedophilic grandmother with physical ailments that cause her to be a serious lethal danger on multiple levels.
Same. I was not rooting for the Pats. I WAS rooting against the chiefs. The AFC West is ours and ours alone :)
Oh, [NAME], don't bring THAT story up!
Fat is always unhealthy, and never a sign of beauty.
This is not r/lostredditors material if we just try to find something stupid on it.
I always move back and always regret it.
I knew you had kids, i didnt know they were old enough join the military lol. Well happy bday to your son, dad. 
Okubo thanks JP/EU for their work over the weekend on the patch notes, and then EU doesn't post their patch notes :-/
That all-star who won the calder
I hope your daughter gets the help she needs and someday gets better.
Yeah super confused about that considering it was only [NAME] she had beef with lol
LOL how he not amused?! They dont like the truth haha
36 and definitely not what I used to be... still ok though!!!
Oh yeah, from the vulcan council
Art degrees are useless! Now excuse me while I go watch a Pixar movie. /s
Orange you just soo cute.
Damn, thanks for the source!
Noice! I hope to improve my Mika with this~ Thank you and may the Muscle Spirit be with you!
I literally didn’t but ok
Hey, [NAME] isn't *that* annoying
>I want to ride my bicycle I want to ride my bike Ah yes, truly makes you think 
I love that this is written on notebook paper.
Enjoy :) You won't regret it. The first couple seasons will be a little confusing but wiki helped me understand this show a lot!
Yeah, it's pretty funny how incapable most of them are of actual satire and subtlety.
IT'S NOT FUNNY HOLLY.
This thread is loaded. Never seen so many coins exchanged at once :) it's nice to see friendly internet interactions.
I have no idea, lol. Have my upvote.
[NAME] hilarious
I’ve always used a medium sized screwdriver but it can mess up the prongs so use a chopstick and you should be fine
Well they got removed so I’m not sure if I want to see it anyway.
He is sacrificing himself for our sins. [NAME] bless.
That doesn't sound right but I don't know enough about stars to dispute it
Well don’t complain here about another media outlet lol
Look on the bright side, you might never need to worry about that ever again.
Oh wow this is good to know, it was always my go-to spicy ketchup when I make frozen fries at home.
I didn’t understand because it’s not dark mode
yes please, would make thing less overthinking and stressful 
This is a hate sub
I felt the same guilt when I stopped believing in [NAME]
I I'm so honored
You are gone right now probably my trip is just kicking in i took half that amount lol cuz im low you are having a hell of a ride rn
Very clever!
I was JUST thinking about how much I enjoyed Swalla la laaaa last night too!
That number seems a bit low to me
"Great. Now some girl in Utah will appropriate it for her prom this year because she ""appreciates"" the culture."
So more [NAME]? No thanks. Love the guys, but that’s for side projects. 
Op is likely young and clueless. There’s likely a reason they’re in retail.
They are all good right now. Pick the one that interests you and enjoy yourself.
I rarely like or comment on YouTube. But I make hella playlists so I guess I use it more as a tool than a community.
I'm just glad we'll be getting either [NAME] or [NAME]. They both seem like they'll be beasts and it'll fill our greatest position of need
I like waitresses. Aren't they swell.
I love it! Cute sprite work....
Was already mad when it wasn’t center. Then when it got knock over, i was furious. Damn machine has no brains.
I see notifications of people commenting the source but this sub must auto delete or something. Sorry, guys. I binged her and found me quick though. 
This is amazing!!
👍 excellent! I was wondering if anyone else knew this little known nugget from history.
i mean I love the smell of race fumes
You're my mvp for the night haha. I'll drop by there tonight, thanks!
Good luck on the change.
I know it's like this hipster phrase it's so stupid like you're not from the south you dumb motherfuker.
Thanks for the reply! I’ll probably just smoke, as you said, once maybe twice a month. Thanks again!
Sometimes those are the only options. Laughing makes other people feel better at least so that's what you gotta do.
Not my opinion either, but the soundtrack is easily one of the best parts of the game. It’s incredible.
Text to speech is a very very bad idea. You do not want to give 4,000 people full control over what gets said out loud on a stream. 
Some of them are delusional and believe their victims want it
Thanks I hate it.
what the fuck do you learn in first grade that’s so important anyway?
>Have a good time debating the people in your head, looks like you're having fun.
Big yikes. Biiiig yikes. I do feel your pain. I wish I could upvote you more than once.
They said Texas! #Woooooo TEXAS
Thank you! 💓❤
I bet you could get away with this at work just fine.
Enough food to feed the whole village just wasted
We've been pretty good for the most part the last 5 years. I mean, [NAME] saying [NAME] betrayed him isn't ideal but could be worse. 
The ending was so badass as a young kid! He wasnt even in his mech!
Signed up! This is brilliant!
Leave they don't deserve you and you don't need those sacks of shit
Well you wrote out this big comment, and it reads well but when you actually think about what you’ve said, IMO it really means nothing.
[NAME] is known to make a short video hella fucking long. Not many want to see even more people do that. I'll stick to [NAME].
The uncanny valley of creepy.
Yeah I’m working with my therapist to help me identify certain behaviors early and pay attention to the red flags.
I want to thank you for seriously entertaining me today. Best clip ever.
As a society we should be ashamed of the fact that this is even a question. Let the suffering stop obviously.
This article is stupid.
I would think that I hope the Wilpons die.
It’s a cruel thing to say to someone with depression.
That’s so scummy, I’m hoping the pepperoni just slid down? 
I wish I could be desensitized to my sadness sometimes lol
I realize that, but the picture is still funny
Omg rattos are the best aren’t they<3
Good luck with your procedure! Be strong and don't try to let anyone even think they can try to change your mind. This is your decision.
I really relate to this.
I didn't downvote you but Emirates 1st class suites are ridiculously nice.
What a horrible way to find out, though. My sympathies to the dead man.
For me it's New York City FC since it's just a train ride away
Oh my [NAME] yea!
Thank you! I need to practice these things and change the dialogue within my head
I hope you are not living in Australia. That heat has been killing Masturbators left and right.
I'm replying just bask in the glow with someone else! Yay!!
Uh, people kept asking me if I was jailor and I said no, and based on this chat you can also see that jailor is not smart.
It was received on Jan 25th at 9:22 am .81627 BTC and $3800. for it with a $600. fee. Happy!
When I think about [NAME] and [NAME] at the same time I get a fucking aneurysm from the stupidity.
Conservatives never believe a word they say. They only believe they do.
Lol the outbreak is gone but I'm still stubborn. With this conversation I'll make my effort to come back as soon as I'm ready.
OP, u/christiangreyisdraco and u/lurkerturndcommenter, thank you for trying to make the point about focus. I appreciate your many attempts!
Ded game we should be happy we have a new hero
Are you okay?
[NAME] bless them and their racist logo
Great post. ( you are learning to let it go)
Yeah! Despite being from the east coast I've never been in the car when it's hailing so it was a full on argument. Thank you!
Well I WISH SOMEONE WOULD'VE TOLD ME THAT
Ironically every /pol/ meetup is more diverse than the people pushing diversity and race mixing. Weird how that works huh
good luck, little 3 year old
"""I love animals but I hate PETA."" - [NAME] "
Not pay for the child he helped create? Wow... great advice.
her in the causing a commotion lsfyl is one of the best lip-sync performances in s8 change my mind
Hruska is amazing. Their sausage kolaches or I guess klobasnik have the best sausage I’ve ever eaten. It’s in Elliger, TX.
"I equally love and despise them when they talk about a player diving as ""flopping"""
gotta love the random spidey head to the left on the third shelf
Well duh. The Chinese government control all Chinese language media in New Zealand. That's a fact.
I sent this to my mom and she actually watched it
I friggin love the [NAME] hug!!!!
His smile is so damn creepy
It’s amazing what can happen if you work and want to win.
Just spend the next few months emotionally detatching, it makes the break up less debilitating.
Got damn look at that body
Any source on the college split the second time that outlines the stats? Interested to see.
It's when you least expect it that people hit you in the face with life It brings you back to earth
This was definitely worth the $1000+ it cost to do
I would say make it NSFW but I won't joke. We don't work here
is a recent article interesting read.
BOUNDARIES. have some boundaries. say no. don't go. this is frustrating to read, honestly. don't do things that you hate doing.
I feel like this is just a really old meme lol
Downvote because prophet
I met my partner online. It was romantic interest right away. No friendship period for us.
And you were too stupid to find your own sriracha, or you thought that $7.50 entitled you to your personal dancing monkey.
I agree. This is assault. Leave the ignorant hill [NAME] alone.
How hard is it to kill 9 year olds!? One of my favorite movies.
This is **NUTS**!!! I still use both of these on my boyfriend, who thankfully watched this season with me and also hated [NAME]. 
Bless you.
And he was like “umm you woke me up for this, [NAME]?!” Lmao. That made me laugh.
I love daydreaming because I daydream about having conversations with people and it is the most pleasing feeling in the world when the conversation happens.
How many wins are they into those ranks and at what winrate. Regardless thanks for the info.
The constant pressure definitely isn't helping. I'm already on anti-depressants, but I am terrified of PPD.
My uncle was hit by some kids doing the bird box challenge a few weeks back. It’s ridiculous.
Yea this past season her outfits were horrid
I love it! Mazel Tov you crazy kids!
I rarely get full manic. Lithium just took away my mixed irritable angry episodes and I'm pretty sure those aren't superpowers lol
I disagree with many picks in this list
I do have a drain beside the water heater, thanks I'll look into getting a drain pan.
I love your response. I wish I were this witty.
The beauty of the horseshoe effect.
I just say i appreciate the depths of these Boiler Room vid are like this.
Yes! Adoption is an amazing generous gift you can give to people that really want to be parents.
Haha Orange man bad
My cousin is coming back as interim exec chef this week until we get a new chef. If you are my cousin the answer is NO!
One thing I appreciate about the Prequel trilogy is that it explores the rise of fascism better than *Fantastic Beasts* movies could do.
I like this one
beautiful by [NAME]
Hey congrats man, that’s what I’m hoping happens as well!
I just rewatched season 5. My god, I had forgotten how horrible [NAME] is. 
These were one of the worst commentators I have ever been forced to listen to. The jokes were so cringe-worthy.
It would work just fine. I wear medium shirts and a small or medium jersey fits me great.
And just the “stop looking at me” was so old school. It was nice!
Triple P Positive Parenting Program is excellent.
LOL you are mental ,love it
I think this qualifies as r/prorevenge, honestly. Dude needs to face consequences more often, otherwise he will keep trampling over people’s boundaries.
Omg enough of all the damn hashtags, it’s not 2016 anymore
No, not related to [NAME]. I forget where we found it. It was in some legal documentation on WISDOJ (I think).
I was more concerned that your comment held a frame of reference assuming it was real.
Beautiful. Up there with that retro '14 Timbers kit for my favorite non-Atlanta MLS kits.
This is adorable! But I don’t understand how he does that😂
[NAME] is a warmonger. Other than that, he’s pretty libertarian.
Omg I love it
Lucky for me the yellow ones are my favourite
Thank you!
[NAME] and [NAME] aren't cousins in this timeline, I believe. Just best friends.
I'm really excited for [NAME]. He seems to be continually improving in this stretch of games. I'm hoping he stays up once [NAME] is healthy.
will do, thanks for the heads up!
The last hour is great, but I would definitely say to at least leave 15 minutes before close so you can avoid the crowds in the street.
I didnt know that sub existed,im faaaaaar too excited, thats my next hour of skivving work sorted!! 
Saving this. Happy 2019 to ya!
Not sure how kittens “lol” but I’ll take your word for it.
I literally cried out IS THAT MATT BERRY?!?!?!?!?!
Good luck and Godspeed.
Damn. As a [NAME] [NAME] I fear who the last Greek restauranteur in this death triangle will be :(
Take a note to PM me if you do, I'll happily pay for one!
I feel like its got to do with the bad desync in the game right now.
Cinesphere and Trillium Park are both fantastic spots and I see absolutely zero reason to change them.
Bad sarcasm in response to a bad joke seems about right to be fair.
How offensive. I, am NOT a duck!
trailer fabulous!!! i miss it
As a woman, I have to say I think you aren’t wrong about this.
My turn should arrive this year. At least this place will allow me to leave my last words.
Omg I thought you were paraphrasing. I'm so happy that those were the exact words they said.
What a perfect timing though.
This is my favourite game of all time and I miss it dearly. I made most of my best friends playing this game.
Gee, thanks for waking up after being told for over a decade.
I'm sorry your trust has been that badly broken.
It's going to get awfully dark and cold at night.
Utah is a beautiful state. I’ll give you that. I spent a week at Bear Lake and it was pretty amazing.
I love that username
so basically free money for those wealthy enough to take vacations annually. wonderful.
There’s no evidence that 12-step programs work any better than no program, so you’re not missing anything if you quit. Good luck.
Great game. Love winning in NOLA.
I personally wish that they stuck with the spin offs but if their happy I’m good.👌
Wow that's some great facts and logic you're arguing with.
Studying something doesn't make you bright. Getting a degree does.
Cue uncontrollable giggles.
Y’all are just jealous that this individual identifies as a fish hook. On a serious note though going through an airport tsa must be a nightmare
Hahahaha. Wow. Pure gold!
(#1)Just love him/her (#2) Be forgiving
Praying for the one who wrote that, that he isn't gonna caught...
He can have his opinion, but he doesn't have to state when *no one* asked.
It’s true. Icebergs can’t melt steel beams.
thats why she is going crazy lmao
I absolutely thinky wife is more beautiful now than when I met her.
"That's a nice way to say ""being forcibly removed as illegal immigrants.""."
Yeah would be exciting!
His music is bad starting with that yeezus album
My nipples are rock hard right now, just ruined my shirt. 
Calling (some) media the Enemy of the People and Fake News - is that not impeachable in a non-bizarro world?
This is so bad that I immediately retold it to everyone I know.
Crap. Absolutely missed that when typing my paragraph mountains. Fixed.
Lol sounds great but that's probably not what the OP wants to hear 😉
[NAME] [NAME] Bros are losing their minds over this tweet.
For example, I think this picture of [NAME] character from southpark) is soooo cute
Via Napoli in Epcot is amazing, but no garlic bread (the pizza is great though). 
Downvoting in hopes it will make this news go away
Hello, Could you try exiting the game and restarting? Please let us know if you're still getting the pop-up afterward. Thanks!
If you have schools in your city, I got bad news for ya champ...
This is some of the worst passing I've ever seen.
Maybe they'll change their mind one day! That sounds good, I'll give it a go some time!
FYI not all skinheads are racists. [NAME] suck and should be confronted.
"Thanks; it is a major turn-off because there's no reasoning - he ""knows"" it's a fact. I appreciate your perspective."
Thanks for adding the link. I'm not that reddit savvy
Can’t believe [NAME] era is coming to an end... feels like yesterday I saw his 1st win against the cowboys with tiki breaking the rushing record.
I WANTED GENERAL LUCK TO MARCH TO NEW ENGLAND AND *THEN* GET SPANKED UP AND DOWN THE FIELD FOR 60 MINUTES.
A best friend would get me a vibrator. Not something that’ll make me feel like an oily, ugly piece of shit.
Looks like goodfellow
He's been playing better this season though, in my opinion.
Great to hear you're so loving together! Wishing you all the best. Feel free to PM me anytime!
I find this aspect of the law so ridiculous. I suppose pepper spray is lethal to people with respiratory conditions like asthma or certain rare allergies.
You spend time in The Donald, do you not understand irony?
AS..... YOU.... WISSHHH!!!.. Inconceivable! My first ever silver. Thank you kind stranger.
I will! This is a great new excuse for never leaving my house
[NAME] I loved [NAME].
I love how having high standards is used as an insult here.
You’re an inspiration
I'm glad it only sprayed soda when his thumb went into the can, and not blood everywhere.
[NAME] has consistently being volatile. It's just a matter of time until she's being rude to [NAME] again.
I think they might be! I'll let her know - thank you :)
Thank you! Good night!
It isn't incorrect to use 'they' even when a person is explicitly a women/man.
Glad to see you were able to get this worked out, thx for the update! 
The attraction and the action are two separate things, and you know that. No one chooses who they are attracted to. Stop it. 
Interesting theory.
Im there as well, You get into these habits and become complacent its like your watching your life in 3rd person. For me that is.
I mean yeah we were the best counter attacking team. That counter was so disappointing
There are Cubs fans that died at 95 without ever having seen their favorite team win a title. At what point is the LOILTY worth it?
Also. Read the sidebar, thank you.
There is clearly something really goddamned wrong with the policy then.
Don’t blame us because you’re a dumbass..
Oh my god are you [NAME]? If you are I am huge fan. I completed the IX EE earlier today using your guide
Stay strong dude
That's what everyone says but they are ugly. I want a Diavel, m109, or a Vrod.
. . . Wait a fucking second
[NAME] is amped, I'm excited that he's excited
“[NAME] you’re still here? Geez you really are slow.”
You came here to cry
You guys can downvote me all you want, but this sub is every day looking more and more alike r/gameofthrones
Perfect! Thanks
>The only way change will happen is when the national media actually focuses on them. Precisely what a protest is aimed at engendering.
I believe that this may be meant for the person above me, for I have moved into the realm of monetized bananas. 
Make nachos, get a beer, and get ready to yell SUEY!!
For the people and finding out how they end up? Sure. Other than that, it’s not great. Frustrating at best. 
>cat beby the fuck is wrong with you
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself. Just relax, take a deep breath, let the blood flow. Everything's going to be fine.
I said this somewhere else.. but I swear that man in the hood is caucasian... But that was actually hilarious
Omg, *please*
Omg what the ever loving bloody hell did I just read?? As an artist, this was extra painful to me.
This video was uploaded in October 2013, over five years ago now. This just feels like an unnecessarily inflammatory post for karma to me.
Nice! I haven’t listened to them or Tool in so long. Will def be getting back into them now.
I'm not being told I have issues by a guy who actually and genuinely has an interest in coprophagia.
Nothing against bartenders at all. Dumbass people like [NAME], I make fun of because I can.
The west is so unfair :(
Don’t worry about it I meant what I said thank you really
Things were significantly worse back then than they are now.
"It's 2019 and people are *still* saying ""SJW's?"" Ha! Hahahahaha! Oh my life. [NAME]."
[NAME] is trying not to laugh through his lines and hoesntly I love it.
Oh ok I never watched that show. I love that judge though.
If you want any hope of getting better, you must stop everything and anything with underage girls...forever 
No offense taken, and I agree with your last statement.
Same clothes and the door is black on the other side - looks so real!!
I don't doubt that, but there's a difference between doing something as a social activity and a psychoactive drugs that actually makes you feel more social.
I've always found it weird how popular Nandos is in Britain.
I can relate. It kind of breaks your heart and your spirit, doesn’t it? 
My 2 best girls in the series combined into one and [NAME] with [NAME] colors is so beautiful :)
I liked [NAME] updated “I thought this was a teaching hospital!”
Neither am I. I'm mocking her alongside you.
Thanks man, I appreciate it, I love her but this was way to far, thanks man 💜
So get a job and leave. It's just going to get worse. First the tv then you. Get out while you can
I hate it and I love it.
Bdo is love
Very sweet of [NAME]
America is not a country, it's a fucking business. if you have zero money, no one cares about you.
Eat the apple butthole first. It's the best way to eat the apple.
I am. I do! You're welcome.
Thank you! I’ll contact you tomorrow! :)
Wow damn this some good words
WHAT THE HELL!
Hey, thank you. :) I appreciate it.
I'm more saying that I think the south is a joke.
After he did the one year contract last year I'm not seeing him staying here with no improvement from our team.
Pets are the best ❤
If you look at her from a distance, she's super cute. Then you get close and it's a [NAME] painting of tweaky, delusion.
Thanks for being here. :-) We can always use allies.
congrats to everyone who picked the over
My point is that IQ basically works. As with literally everything, there are flaws, but it's not junk science. 
We already had that fake news before. There's no such discussion.
"And the shit like ""like for [NAME], Ignore for satan"""
you are so welcome. I’m glad I could bring sunshine to your day.
There is no such Thing as [NAME] or an Almighty !
That sounds so awesome. Thanks for talking about it.
Oh. Sorry.
Oh wait that's tonight?!?! Totally watching 😎
they dont pay shit
Looks like you just finished eating a shit covered ass.
Sorry, but [NAME] is too POWERFUL, not to be his own character. But seriously i definitely now want this.
hey the 5 riders per van per day are upset
Hello autism my old friend
yikes i thought it was just a joke transformer [NAME]
Fight milk 🥛 lol
wow. thank you. you dont know how badly i needed that tbh
This is bloody disgusting.
Rip the guy from psych
That’s a good idea, thanks
My ecology professor hated outdoor cats for that reason. They're extremely destructive animals.
You love her knowing her limitations, adjusting your expectations, and keeping boundaries firmly set and enforced hard.
Weirdly enough Salad Fingers is one of [NAME] weaker animations, highly recommend ‘The Unfixable Thought Machine’
The itching probably happens when your skin vibrates from the brush.
Lots of internalized rage and mom guilt daily leading to a good shower cry once a week or so.
happy new year buddy!
Thank you. [NAME]
Thanks [NAME]. We hardly knew ye
She’s sexy I’d hit.
I sure do.
This whole ordeal seems entirely pointless, but i don't want to turn away in case i miss some drama
Ahh, I see. Well, he wasn't wrong!
A crappy situation... Man oh man...
You're going to be free one day, but never if you stop trying. Every weeks a new week, goodluck !
He wasn’t hot to me but he has that attitude I find attractive af.
I’d say her knee is more done, ankle looks ok but I’m n doctor lol
Yah. I unfortunately was sitting and watching this documentary with my Mother. That was very awkward.
Being a nice, interesting person has helped me get a lot of friends but hasn't really gotten me anywhere with regards to women. 
I like it
Good potatoes, good pasta.
If y'all didn't like OKC before, you hate 'em now.
Yeah fuck all of them down votes xD instantly had this run through my head when I saw the post. One of my favorites as well...
Okay. Thanks for the information, I guess? I'm not really sure what your point is. 
Funny how we get more anxious about our heroes than their victims
If the fan doesn't work, then I'm fine with it.
I’m hugging you back!!! Not in a weird way. :-). Thank you, internet stranger. 
Canada here, yup..... gods damned homophobic leftovers.
16-37 and 25 fta. [NAME] is so fucking overrated. Volume chucker/flopper in a fast paced no defense league.
This made me laugh so hard I farted and woke my dog up. Only thing missing is the confetti.
The thing to understand about [NAME] is that he's a complete moron.
Like you said your tired probably mentally and physically. You need a dam break is what it sounds like my friend.
It's alright old man we're almost to your room
[NAME], [NAME] mother. I loved her in the one episode. She had great chemistry with everyone she met. 
Oof, thanks
If she deleted your Snapchat just because you showed up to a bingo, then it seems she's a bit of a bad person
Love your username
Thanks for your comment. This makes sense with the time frames too.
On days like this you can get an extra scoop. Just to make sure you have the finnnnnessst meals ;)
No, the full video shows that the kids surrounded and berated the native elder man 
Don't endorse violence against people.
He was young and he thought he was doing the right thing. No need to be rude about it.
YAAAS! Even though you're a stranger on the internet, this has made my day.
Today's Recaptchas were fun. I'm very good at identifying store fronts, apparently...
Ok! I like making friends
That is in no way sexual harrassment...
Right, but we want to shit talk them directly. Not agree with other people shit talking them.
Look on the bright side. I dont know what your bright side is but just look at it.
"Last game I think someone said it well, ""[NAME] like a toddler in an NBA Pro's body. "
Just in time to get excited for a mediocre Twins season!
I feel like I have to call bs on this one. I hope lol
I just physically *shuddered* at the idea of redoing middle school..
Get a second opinion from a different doctor. Eczema can get exacerbated by home remedies sometimes, so be sure to check with another doc first. 
Just saw your history. Makes complete sense now. Your a trumptroll. Bye.
Cheers lad :)
I’m ready to unsubscribe from this sub
Thanks!!
Will try. Thank you
Alright imma set small goals for myself thanks for tip man!
That's a little girl, not a sandwich.
I bet we'd all die. Thank [NAME] for colds and germs or we'd all be dead upon birth
I think he's in it. I know [NAME] is killing me on my fantasy team right now
Thank you for writing this, for letting us into your world so that we can better understand our own. I am very grateful for this gift.
Play hard, but we don't want to reveal our secret raptor killing strategy until the playoffs...
I'm a little disappointed that the tier markings werent' just different shades of green.
Thanks for your input into this discussion. It has been very productive.
[NAME] ! Glad that we helped you.
Rapists can have parental rights in some states, assuming they find him.
Same here, after she initiated the divorce and acussed me of not doing anything to stop it. 
Thanks. I guess.
Wrecking Ball clips are the best
The only death that made me feel any emotion. And it wasn’t even the death itself.
Lol ok 👌🏾
That is amazing!
To me his not doing it right because he is breaking contact with the skin. Keep contact and go back and forth!
Here we go again I hate [NAME] *becomes a Dodger* I mean I love [NAME]
The third period is going to be uncomfortable and I preemptively hate it.
I'd imagine the confusion would be far greater, especially amongst the [RELIGION] community considering there is no aspect of Ramadan that prevents [NAME] from doing exams. 
holy shit that's bad, maybe the extremist right can't meme either?
The last thing you see before entering Hell.
That’s because [NAME] thinks he’s the man oin this team. [NAME] I can’t wait till he’s gone
I'm saying your question is irrelevant to the post's topic. Stop being passive aggressive.
OMG she reminds me of Ginger from Ginger Snaps! I'm in love!
Once some joked that I was a [NAME] just because my family had moved to West Germany for a couple years when I was a infant.
I love this. Thank you
Has Medicaid stopped? Most people I know who support this want Medicare or Medicaid for all.
eh, no. Maybe wood can be an alternative if thon is out of the option, but i will never get the allure behind ersan
I didn't read the entire article. That's great. Thanks for letting me know. Peace and happy 2019
I just started watching Brooklyn 99 this week and was looking for this reference. Thank you.
Yeah odd, as those items would identify her. And it would seem like an easier job to burn them to unrecognisable remains. 
Such a good doggo, and no one gets to pet her and let her know.
It's a good thing that liopleurodon was actually only about six meters long and went extinct 155,000,000 years ago...
I'm so glad you have access to that trans group. You will make friends and be able to support each other.
I unironically agree with everything on the left side of this.
Checking in from Nashville, a merged city-county that’s thriving precisely because it’s a merged city/county.
I loved [NAME] as much as anyone but he started to become really inconsistent in his final stretch here before he ended up in Charlotte.
I'd be careful with that, could be construed as cybersquatting which is illegal.
Omg, unbelievably scary. Insane 
Happy birthday!
you are a good man
Went in to the comments to look for this. Thanks!
Ah, pillars of society. No wonder MLS is so highly regarded.
So ungrateful. I wouldn’t have even offered that bc ppl who try to argue with closing times are not people who settle.
They'd never give her a crown but it would be so good to see her back on my screen.
...be careful, guys
You’re a liar. 😂
We will welcome you with open arms <3
I have trophy jeans and a trophy bra! Although RIP my boobs because they were the one thing I liked about my body back then :)
I think the biggest fucking thing is that apparently reaper has a goddamn family himself.
Don't do [NAME] dirty like this smh
> complains about fun > plays game mode with the most fun > loves it FTFY
Thats great... Here same with me
THATS WHAT SHE SAID...HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Nihilism makes me happy, but I know that’s just my opinion.
Uffda. What a hero.
[NAME], what? That's pretty hilarious and disgusting. 
Yes, because I've always wanted a father figure who throws a tantrum every time he doesn't get his way.
I don’t know ,I kinda find this funny
Yikes. Be careful out there.
Still helpful. Thank you!
I used to do shit like this...back when I had a serious drinking problem I was in denial about
Glad I took the 1st half spread
Thank you for your message, I read it when I woke up and it helped. Thank you for showing kindness to a stranger
Fuck a newspaper
WHERE IS THE JOKE
Doubters. I'm still waiting on a status report of the 2 fluffers from a few weeks ago. WOOF!
>Eat more salad Might I also suggest some vegetables too. You'll feel infinitely better
They always blab about IQ and other garbage but they have the intelligence of a bag of hammers.
I've invested 9 goddamn years watching these twits. I'm going down with the ship.
It's actually somewhat maddening to me that there are people who watch his video and actually think he is doing a public service. Yikes..
I do not disagree with any of this. Good take, sir.
Flair checking in! I love it when they don't change the template messages!
I don't like football but the 10 minutes of actual football has been pretty entertaining so far
Sadly, it ran. :( I hope you're enjoying your trip overseas! :D
Totally agree, except I usually (this occasion included) lack the pity haha.
Still is glitched to this day.... sad
POINTER!!!!!! YOU DA REAL ALL STAR!!!
I just love that this is appropriate for football now/again. #FuckLA
Boner. I'd have the weirdest boner.
It's also not worth the costs because most of the time people are being petty don't actually have a claim to make.
I enjoy gameplay grind. Don't shoot me lol.
"What was the ""injustice?"" Nothing happened to him. Assuming his story was not hugely exaggerated to fit the victim card."
Maybe so , i just dont know about him, team has enough turmoil they just dont need any more distractions
That is insanity
I wanna put baby shoes on my giant adult feet and baby stomp all over a cheesebreather's fucking toes
they will also hate the eagles for years to come because their fans were a bunch of meanies
You have an amazing instinct to protect him. It’s beautiful
Tu eres very nice man
But you appear to think you have some amazing insights on how to handle a pwBPD. Have you considered the possibility that you don't?
Keep going! Every day you stick with it is another victory you can cherish!
No no. totally justified
Thank you so much. That means a lot. ❤
"lmaooo you're right I did mean [NAME] by that haha ""she"" lol"
When you decide to root against your favorite team, for a better future “The hardest choices require the strongest will”
Wow. These people really deserve some *clove*, especially on subshops.
He is a right click bot now lol, but seriously you do the same but with worse mobility.
> If it concerns you a lot, after 3 times you can actually just register another card. Good idea. 
Yeah he's a cunt but that doesn't mean he should be prosecuted for a joke. No matter how bad taste it was.
Lord [NAME] called, he wants his style back
YES CIZ so glad I saw this here, really well done, there is no end to your creativity.
To much of a good thing is a bad thing
Oh no! No, there was nothing wrong in your comment. I appreciate you taking the time! 
You’re so perfect :)
Welcome to Reddit!
RIGHT?! My mom would literally never forgive the bitch 😂
Oh sure. I bet [NAME] is sick. Sick of Skyward Sword.
Oh wow. You really know your stuff. Luckily I don't have diabetes yet so that's something
Is it weird if I said I forgot how brutal things could get? Like what happened to [NAME] oh my-I was appalled.
Bro, he left his team in the middle of the game... idc what argument you have with [NAME] you still left your team.
That partially explains why season 4 was such a fucking mess
Edward Lear, lovely chap.
It was a beautiful week
Correct. I still play NHL Faceoff 98 and I always turn that rule off, because it's terrible.
You are a great grandmother.
A blanket. My friend crocheted me a blanket a few years ago and I use it every day. Love this thing!
Yeah, he does. Just because he draws different conclusions than you doesn't mean he isn't reading [NAME]. Get out of your little bubble.
That’s awesome! Heal up quickly
I don’t understand how her parents were able to take kid when she claims they are horrible alcoholics
Irrelevant, actually You're both talking about different things
Thanks, it’s funny how to me this seemed a leap but not one person agrees, lol
Yea I would've lost it there
“Those floors with *that* paneling? Ugh! Disgusting!”
[NAME] deserves better
You sound like you're going to be a great PA! Good luck in your new career.
Like this game from a week ago? 26 points 14
Yeah their passes are crazy.
Personally, I prefer my seafood not tainted by oil spills. But you do you!
Please do. lol
OMG [NAME]!
She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb
Grew up watching avatar and [NAME] is one of my favorite video game protagonists, especially when RDR2 came out. 
I’m in Florence right now on a holiday and my [NAME] does it make me want to replay that game
Fuck so obvious
So you then took that lie and began aggressively cheating on him? Your post history. Wow.
Really visually haunting though. For me, it makes me think of strange alternate futures and dystopian sci-fi worlds. 
It's probably easier when they're stuck on an island
good luck with your baby! i hope everything goes well for you and your SO lol
"Aaaand I'm still here. I don't have a alt account but whoever you reported I""m sure is alive and well. You're terrible."
I think that’s beautiful, and it looks so easy for whoever has to clean it, no fiddly bits. 
Can't stand having sex with you...?? Just horrible thing to say... You deserve better!!!
Glossing over [NAME] doesn't do justice to how crippled my team was after picking him
Vote every one of them out that was quoted as being upset about the wire and not the corruption.
Sorry, but anarcho-anything are bot welcome there
i never thought i would read the phrase 600 lb cinematic universe but i am glad i did
I mean I would be a [NAME] and I’m pretty reasonable.
Im so sad how that movie turned out. We could have achived something good
Ty! I was going crazy tryin it, canging things... i'l wait then :-)
Try really warm water instead. It's awesome.
I now live in the Mediterranean, which is nice. 
Thank you for the support!
lol Whatever that proves, sure.
My condolences.
I beat my dad
Red, Green, Blue. It's like a Christmas tree Edit: lol
Has any news been confirmed of whose playing [NAME]. I hope we see him soon to grasp how charasmatic he can be
yeah I figured, that's actually incredibly annoying. that only flies because they don't care about bf4 anymore? time to start favoriting servers I guess
I am still missing money from a August 2018 withdrawal with no update and no success. Quadriga - give me back my money!
Aww!! Thank you! I had fun making it, I also ADORE [NAME] 😍
Except forming an opinion of a topic without even having basic knowledge of said topic makes you sound pretty arrogant and entirely undercuts your opinion.
Sorry I'm a reddit noob but why do I get notifications of comments on my thread but then they disappear and I can't read them? Lol
[NAME] boxing gym in Ross is super inviting to everyone! It's a legit boxing club that is also friendly to folks just looking for a workout.
"""By far one of the best"" Mmmm"
It's perfectly fine
Glad I'm not the only one
Dude the speed which the cop came running is amazing
Watching a friend go through her wedding made me decide to marry at city hall. I wanted a marriage, but not a wedding. 
Worried me there
That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.
So can we all collectively accept that [NAME] has a high placement for this week? Okay thank you
It’s not even news.
Refusing to pay someone for work that they've done is theft. You can try to justify it any way you want but that's what it is.
I've just listened to it on my way from school today! [NAME] anatomy introduced some beautiful music.
Great pick! Especially when I realized she was meant to lose yesterday...good luck!
Hahahah this is awesome.
Fake news! but really, that's awesome to have a parent that actually understands how to teach their child accountability. 
i passed thanks everyone
I gotchu bro, house By Gucci Mane I’m a huge Gucci mane fan. 
Absolutely glorious morning. There is no better weather.
Help me [NAME] I'm bully in high school for no reason.
Rose coloured glasses get rosier as time goes by :) You'll move on eventually. Treasure the memory but be present in your current and future relationships.
that was so sad :(
Reminds me of [NAME] in IASIP
I thought that type of camouflage failed horribly because the high contrast and defined shapes made the ships really stand out.
Honestly the rarity is fine, I find it once every 25 games but the health needs work. 
Oh my. Bless this dog. He is a big boy. I love him so much. Tell him I love him.
Something is eating this poor redditor and I don’t think it’s the injustice of society at large to accept face tattoos.
Have you ever consider knocking three times and that hide and seek/stalker vibe is terrifying. It's the most disturbing thing I can link you my AR 15.
> we can't john beard that big
I'm literally screaming.
Weird as I do know I've seen CoC waste/recycling services trucks picking up bins as early as 6:30AM.
[NAME] scratched again lmao. Lines are good though. Pretty optimal considering what we have imo. I like [NAME] playing with [NAME]
Super [NAME] with a hat, or providing a buffed hat sounds really funny, if incredibly useless.
Yeah you better hope. I just switched to combat pro from standard and I gotta say my builds are 🗿
Ah to be a young teen again
No you are providing more than enough evidence. Post histories do exist. Now fuck off.
> he might not have seen the truth by the time he had posted the video That's kinda the *whole fucking problem.* Fake Motherfucking News
What the hell kind of university schedules a class at 6am?
That's exactly what I thought too!!!!
Wise choice. You had kebab.
Saw this on r/teenagers first haha
I guess some people just hate fun, lol
Yeah thats exactly what I said. Im too weak to do it.
Lmao servers in America make like $2 an hour with no tips.
That sounds really cool! I'll be there
Just keep going and don't lose hope. Stuff like this can happen all the time to anybody. It's just bad luck
"Yep. I did this in uni, got mad respect for holding my ""booze"". "
You're an idiot and no one believes you and your telegram jerk-off buddies.
This is good. Thank you!
Anyone else think [NAME] talks too much in this and drowns destiny and hbomb out My man be talkin
Man you take your sims really seriously.
You’re doing so good! We’re all so proud!
My bio is pretty funny... I got ‘If you’re a Catfish then you’ll be charged a call out fee of £120.49’
Damn [NAME] is KILLING it
Memes that were made 2 or more years ago don’t count. They were probably funny back then, just not now.
Thank you for sharing this with us
Hoping LSU can kill 2 minutes and 20 seconds of clock here and not let UCF score more...
Well it obviously helps you rationalize your total unwillingness to take action to make the world a better place. I hope that you grow past that.
I recently got a job that I wanted so now I don't have to live paycheck to paycheck.
Thanks [NAME] for winning so we don't have to see so much of [NAME] laughable career dwindling away.
Holy fuck. Best idea ever. Thank you.
Sadly there's a good chance that you still need a car anyway because that affordable neighborhood will involve a one hour commute.
I would never have believed it. Having experienced it, it is true. Completely. Different. World.
You fool! Now look what you've unleashed!
Guice was a fuckin monster.
Just take them and get them vaccinated without his knowledge. Only one parent is needed. Dont even tell him after it's done.
Yeah, be sure to choose an option that won't be painful and has no chance of survival. And make it quick.
This is really helpful to point out!!
I see you with Zangetsu, and I like it
I think it's normal. Don't analyse how you look like and worry about it btw, those idiots sure don't when they say their bullshit
Looks like backyard [NAME] and the gang have a new member... [NAME]!
Also N.e.r.d and [NAME] reference lmao
She has a good voice for a yoga teacher
Lmao, this guy is a tool.
Sounds like a great chap
Unfortunately, successful and rich people blame foreigners too :(
When you insult someone you might want to start by insulting them to where they can understand what you're trying to say...who givES A fuck .
"Can we not say ""Team [NAME]"" or ""Team [NAME]"" etc. That's too close to us style politics for my likes..."
I find it unfortunate that you use gender-non-conformance as an insult.
The only ignorant person here is you, and the Pope who makes the same baseless claims as you.
[NAME] is a MOTHERFUCKER
hahah if only he had reddit
Not a fan of Hot Space. I like one song on there and that's Under Pressure.
I love it! It’s strangely charming lol!!! Especially when she comes back to camera speaking normally.
Having a good list of alternatives would be something great we could produce
People are disgusting and insane.
Quite enjoying this tbh
0.1% is a 1 in a thousand chance there, dumbass.
Damned asshole trouble maker!! Someone has mummy issues. 👀
"Gotta love how ""QUESTIONING"" is front and center in the list of things these warriors for [NAME] consider brainwashing."
Soooo [NAME] is f**ked
[NAME] has had this problem forever. Hopefully she fixes it, because it gets old and is a relationship killer 
What a brave man.
he's clearly not equipped to argue, i can't decide if he's a dumbass teenager or a dumbass boomer. 
...Nobody ever remembers [NAME]. If you could see those others, you certainly could see [NAME], which is the second biggest of the lot.
That’s a pretty high amount to pay per week over here, don’t know about the us though.
Oh well maybe your cousin gave his account info to someone lol.
My thoughts exactly, I hope [NAME] doesn't get too much hate.
Good luck! Let ~~me~~us know how it goes!
What a deliciously glorious rant. I suspect he is not alone in his opinions.
Try your luck with ranked. it you stick it out enough you'll get high enough to play with good players
No I am still friends with the person I value his friendship he can just be...judgy?
I havent done a full rewatch since the finale. I think I might be ready
FUCKING RIGHT COLIN WHITE AND OF COURSE MARK STONE
I’ve massively improved but it never really gets cured. There are always situations that will give you anxiety.
In Rainbow is super amazing album as well.
Your heart stopping is technically a natural cause.
I'm not too excited to see [NAME] and [NAME] throwback offense again. Run 3 times punt and play great defense. Zzzzzz.
Is this a real thing? I'm a terrible stoner.
Congrats! How long was the journey? Did you stick with [NAME] the entire time?
My dad wears that sweater every game day! It’s in much worse condition however
I like the way you think!
Oh. So you are actually full of shit. Okay, noted. Thanks.
[NAME] and [NAME]. [NAME] podcast is great.
No one ever laid on their death bed and said, “I regret not working even harder.”
Also since so many are forgoing children or having fewer the is less needed to purchase very large homes.
Thanks for understanding
Funny thing is, I got mine today. Maybe it'll stop tonight?
They have a huge problem with rich freaks diddling kids, that's pretty libertarian.
that’s awful🤣🤣
People have gotten triggered on this sub the past month if you didn't call [NAME] a [NAME], so I think we can handle it.
Stop being disgusting. I dont know if you know this but all dogs are naked.
Also pretty fantastic in Good Girls Revolt
Ok I love [NAME] for making [NAME] fist bump 3 times. He was so awkward with that haha.
$20 too much
Goddamn. I'd tap the fuck out if I was that other guy.
Thanks for this video. It was just what I needed
**LET’S GO HAWKS!!!**
It's honestly the best news I've heard all season.
Hopefully he gets traded
I don't think you can really go wrong with any of them, but I would suggest to watch him against South Carolina this year.
but you won't hear that from most of the press or people on this sub WHAT IS THEIR POLICY THOUGH lmao
A friend calls this shadow work. I think you're right. It takes a lot of courage and persistence.
You know it’s bad when you grab the toothpaste and start reading it
I have little to no anxiety and it really helps me when i have to take a test.
Thanks for the P.S
This cheat... what would that be? I may have made a choice I'm currently regretting.
Didn't that used to be the Northern Bank building? Never been troubled by pickpockets in Bangor but probably because I looked too poor!
> People on the team needs to be cool. yup, totally 2016(my csgo trading days) in a straight line.
The Ethical code of conduct. However it's subjective in many instances. But its based on impairment
It would be a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
What the frick. I ordered a x box card
"Tranlated: Wooooo be afraid of the spooky ""shadowban"" so don't do the thing that gets your message to a wider audience. Smh"
I honestly miss [NAME]
Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it and I hope you're doing better now!
That dad must love monster high as well.
Watching [NAME] flip his head back every poke of contact is possibly the most frustrating thing to watch
Street Samurai Koji and Ojiisan Koji are my personal favorites. Greased Lightning Koji is pretty fun as well.
THIS!!
That was my mistake. It should only show your First Name and The 1st letter of my last name.
Hasn’t hurt me none
Honestly, if you did not, then you were watching the video incorrectly.
This is why I love politics. It really shows how stupid people are.
Good point, thank you for the correction
I appreciate it my guy! I try my best to really do research behind my opinions so I appreciate the call out.
Interesting user name :).
Try to think a bit harder.
Chi snowing. Can't get a break.... Also I'm crushing it.
Calm down snowflake. Comment stalking from a week ago is really sad, especially when you're whining about something that I'm 100% right on. 
It really sucks people are downvoting you just because they were worried about blowing themselves up just like us nova bomb users.
Ah fair enough. Thanks for elaborating
Tough times don't last tough people do... Die'n is easy, living isn't, make the best of it
Omg yes lol it’s the story of my life
[NAME] is always the dirtiest psychopath
Was looking for this comment, thank you! Every so often someone will freak out over dilated pupils and post a pic here
Wow, that's crazy. Ever tried DMT? 
Isn’t it the worst feeling ever?
It did! Good luck on yours!! -[NAME]
Feels good getting a number next to our name again.
3 under 3?! You are a true hero.
Iirc she's alive but an alcoholic.
would love to see a win here
Yep! The artist also has one where he's plowing a blue Incineroar and it's one of the best things I've seen.
More then a handful is to much anyways. You're all good lady. Confidence is sexy
[NAME] is such a disgusting champ to play against ....
That and he’s sneaky dirty
Gah sad high five. I tried once for a few weeks and will never try again. I need that support in my life.
You played torb....... that’s why. Just kidding that’s really weird though
So this is how democracy dies... With thunderous upvotes.
Yes, I’m sure [NAME] biggest concern is New Japan getting criticism on Reddit.
The first sentence alone sums it all up 😂
EDIT: wrong link sorry here’s the right one I hope
I plan on being respectful lol. I hope he’s there.
I'm doing my best to apply that. Thank you for commenting
Good luck for everyone pronouncing [NAME] name. If he keeps scoring like this, i'll have fun listening some commentators around NHL.
No I’m not
The username makes it even better, sucking a dudes toes, who is [NAME]. Man I'm jealous 
Hmmmm this is so familiar but I can't quite put my finger on DJEEEOOOWWWOBRRRRBRBRBRRGRRRRRRDRRRRRRJRHRRJRRERHRJRGRHRRJRHRHRBRJ
I want someone to take me to the hospital
We are by far the greatest team the world has ever seen, we are just having a rough patch.
I love [NAME] goggles.
yea I was gonna say that looks pretty good to me
The [NAME], a great bunch of lads
I watched the CWC from the stadium and boy is he amazing.
This is the greatest thing I've read in my entire life
Best of luck in Cleveland, Plaw Dog!
That’s awesome!
She's married and I respect her family and husband too much.
Huge office fan and I agree. [NAME] and [NAME] are annoying.
Fuck [NAME] pai
I literally got the same bug
I agree with your guy. Sex can sometimes improve with the adulterous partner, because he/she feels desired and sexy again.
Someone get us a [NAME] version of the [NAME] nice lead meme!!!
That’s an insult!! To fecal matter.
I have to cuddle my dog so hard right now.
People on Reddit barely know anything about law but they love to get riled up about the little that they do know
I admit I’ll be fairly happy if we continue to invest in young internationals and sign a $100+ mil free agent every offseason.
Any rap song because I hate it
Before the trade happened I knew [NAME] was [NAME] but [NAME] beauty had not reached me yet
That’s horrible. What country? If you don’t mind. My [NAME] was abused by her heavily religious (Pentecostal) father.
Reacting to [NAME] at this point just makes me feel worse about the artist.
Ok, thank you and thanks for the LPT. Cold leftover food is great sometimes like cold pizza, cold meatballs, etc...
[NAME] x [NAME] sounds cute for some reason.
Thanks, now every highlander I run into tries to do it 100% of the time and I just bait them into a light parry
I know man, however in some ways it's a good way to act out a martyr complex. 
> punishment for saying no to rape Surely if you wanted to rape someone you'd have to punish them for saying yes...
Thank you for the detailed response. It’s about time I worry about making myself happy rather than them.
Used to love Thai-tanic. Haven't been in ages.
"republicans and their hatred of Nordic countries are hilarious. ""Oh no some place has a much higher standard of living than us let's bash it!"""
These aren't [NAME]... they're [NAME] that like to pose in the form of a hexagram for some reason
Yeah, I was thinking they would be super cute with black heels and a snug black crop top.
I like Shred 415
[NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too
Sending you some Ramona wine as thanks!
[NAME] taking a backseat this episode but it sounds like he'll join the fray once [NAME] goes completely crazy.
What the hell was that
You are fucking retarded
To be fair, I will also continue to jerk off to pictures of [NAME] in shorts He looks so good in them
Filthy birdbrain-loving scum barely deserve the bullets needed to boot them off the mountain. Moreiya 4 life
Yes! I binged it (I was a late adopter) and then all of a sudden nothing!
Bahahahahaha the life of a fish parent!
Lol.... i guess your personal experience explains everything.... personally I've seen this play out numerous times in the work place..... so.....
Super unflattering. [NAME] is not overweight but this ensemble made her appear chunky.
Wow that's a really great explanation. Makes sense!
Your manager sounds like an idiot. Not saying he/she is. Just sounds like it from this.
Am interested in responses as I'm in a similar situation, though my tech school is a TDY
"My adopted daughter told me, ""You can't tell me what to do. You're not my dad."" While true, it still stung."
Thanks for the kindness; it’s all good enough- I’m hoping to move out later this year
i did, but it was at 3 am before i went to bed, so i’m gonna cheat and count it as 2018 LOL.
I’m so sorry the internet has inconvenienced you
You should have gone and joined her for a drink.... That’s my dream... Eventually sit down and enjoy a drink with my siblings.
I love many fanarts of this paring, but this is one of my favorite ones. :)
That's the worst feeling haha
No. It’s slower and takes more calculation but it can be done. That’s why it should be practiced.
Please dont put words into my mouth.I never said rape isnt a problem.
agreed....seems that due to plot force shes starting to slip
I did and found it basically the same except I was getting drunk very easily.
Thanks, I love it.
Ok, thats my thinking too. If [NAME] really only gets 180 anyone who didn't make that deal (like us) is pretty dang foolish.
Right now I’d have to say [NAME] new restaurant UB Preserve is my favorite place to eat. So good.
Haha i have 2 chinchillas from a manic episode about 8 years ago. They're sweet little things.
I think she has a good chance
I'll look into it! I don't mind language but misogyny can be pretty intolerable
His entire face is covered by a beard and sunglasses lol
PLANT LOCAL WILDFLOWERS!!!! They come back year after year and the Pollinators will Love it.
Totally agree with you. Just saying that [NAME] is not a stupid person. A smart person that will be spending the rest of his life in prison
"You can't post a Sons pic and then say ""I got this"", that just hurts."
Yes - thank you for stating it this way - perfectly said.
Congrats!!! Happy for you.
Yeah this is pretty eye opening. I’ve had pretty weird relationships with my reflection in the past but thankfully it’s not always this way.
Nope, from Nebraska why? Lmao
Terrorism is the systematic use of violence to achieve a political goal. [NAME] has not used violence.
It's finally official, we got [NAME] 
Thanks for posting this OP. Many times people change their minds and do the right thing but unfortunately we don't hear about it.
the most romantic thing that can possibly happen to me
Every day in everyway. If I am to happy with anything next thing I know I'm actively destroying it.
So happy for you :)
It’s a facepalm just for the wrong reason
Don't know how that was missed. Tragic really. Considering the title.
I’m just worried about his attitude and approach with younger players. Edit-re worded
This is really well put. I saved it.
Thank you. ❤️ I really appreciate your comment
I've seen so many of these and I still have a massive amount of difficulty believing it is possible.
Why so much green though lol
Unemployed now re: those crummy health issues. So that probably helped.
Sounds fun from what I’m reading on here.
I understand that but I enjoy the silence and lonely feeling I have.
No, I have been avoiding doing anything until it's actually fixed because I don't want to give them any reason to drag their feet.
I think most people have listened to bohemian rhapsody at some point thank you very much
You should be embarrassed. Not only because you are a adulterer but because you are a pedo for thinking of your son.
Most likely. If he falls to our 3rd round pick ,I think we should definitely take him.
I don’t know why but watching this makes me super happy!
They don’t like to be excluded from anything
One of my worst nightmares. Ugh.
Don't kink shame
Damn, still hoping...
My wife is divorcing me because I glued [NAME] face onto all of our family photos He looks good with her body
I’m gonna need to see that in writing before I celebrate.
Your point? That doesn't mean it had 2 of EVERY FREAKING LAND MAMMAL on it!
Sending love and strength vibes <3
I just saw this on netflix..... Now I'm Watching it... Then you post this.... It's like we almost watched it together...
Don't underestimate him, he can do it in 2
I wish I was [NAME]. Source (deleted):
Falcons fan here. I love you guys so much.
While I agree with you for the most part, I also have cats and upholstered furniture. 
Have nobody thought of the giant tech corporation selling overpriced, inferior products to sheep customers? That's odd.
Good for you! I wish I had run for my life at 18, but brainwashing is real
My poor space bar takes an awful bashing with all the pausing in a Squidge vid
Not sure if very professional image journalist or avid porn enthusiast but good job all the same!
I think this is the clearest that it has ever been described. Thank you for this. It nailed it, for me anyway....
Every time I get a staff kill, it feels like seeing a shooting star <3 Yeah, it definitely sucks.
I hate these memes because [NAME] never cared if he did or didn't have a nose.
No problem, glad to help.
Honestly you should have gone nuclear on him
I love [NAME] and how openly she is in supporting him to run
Organizational Change Manager and I fucking love it and have for 7 years. Still enjoy going to work every day.
Wow he is... ugly.
I love you like a love song, baby. And if you know that song, it's now in your head.
its funny because they dont even do anything at the look out tower but stargaze
He's always had the tools to do this, which is why he can be frustrating at times.
Welp , that statement is not very wrong.
[NAME]: I'm sorry that happened. I hope you weren't totally friendless on your 30th!
That was hot!
Best doggo ever
Your name needs some work LOL
100%. Please ignore him. He's annoying af and survives off attention
Hell yeah. Happy they pulled it off together for their city. This is a great story in [NAME] eventual great career
As someone from Louisiana I am always thankful for Mississippi and West Virginia for holding down the absolute bottom
Consider this a digital hug. Not too long, not too short, just enough to make you feel a human connection and some comfort. :)
Thanks for sharing. You could definitely post some of your other tales.
We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.
Rule 10 is to make it clear that people who violate the spirit of the rules without breaking the letter will be punished in the same way.
Really good point here. Thanks.
Of course he will lie cheat and steal to make him self relevant to the public. Horrible person.
Id rather have them be physically ok and make amends with [NAME] later than have one without the ability to communicate efficiently forever but have their feelings alright.
TIL cheddar cheese didn't originate in the U.S. Thank you!
Thanks! I had a more standard name but then realized I didn't want to be findable on Reddit.
[NAME] is a hungry little bastard.
Meh, it just keeps players from diving in taking stupid damage. (At least it should.)
I’d love an ג׳‬וליאן if you have time! Good job keep up the hard work
Attempt to con the senate. This should continue to be entertaining
It’s not satisfying at all. If this wasn’t [NAME] it wouldn’t be popular. Interesting timing considering the [NAME] debacle too.
Same boat here, man.
What a baby...
No way society should pay for your child when you are perfectly capable.
Awesome, let's celebrate! Send the free pack over here ;)
And there you have it, the left who argue with personal attacks and cnn buzzwords.
His wounds weren’t that bad, but probably got infected. Antibiotics fixed him. Good as new. 
Yes of mine worry, no one liked mine either. 
This sub absolutely gets personal within seconds of anything he says being postes
I’m going to die right now I’m so scared tears and snot everywhere
True. I don't know the survival rates of the women in ancient rome but I can't imagine it was fantastic.
"BDS is a discriminatory bigoted hateful movement. It's not just ""Oh, I disagree with some things that Israel has done."""
Cool. Good luck!
Look... they are pretending it never happened. Lol.
Lol. Thanks for the link.
Not as nice as [NAME].
I met him! He graduated from my high school and came back when I was a freshman to talk to us in PE. Really nice guy.
It's actually illegal to do this. Only allowed if absolutely unavoidable.
Idk, r/Tinder has plenty of posts to do with awful men too lol
Because they enjoy their toxic umoderated cesspool, apparently. Either way i'm done trying to care.
You must be ecstatic, I'm really happy for you.
Honestly, fuck [NAME] after the bounty gate shit
Dont blame em. They should force change to get done what needs to be done
By law, China must accept the South China Sea ruling, period. Stop trying to help China weasel out of it. 
This is something that has to be learned from experience. Don't be hard on yourself!
> His face, mate. He thought he was a goner. Properly lol'd at that and reading all [NAME]' bits in his accent
No because to them this disabled boy is faceless. It’s easier to digest our hate and vitriol without thinking about it.
Fucking hell they're bringing on all the giants
Definitely fake. Looks like bad CGI in a movie.
Dirt bar downtown is pretty sweet.
Such season 1 vibes and I love it.
Lol, like I said, not everything is about you
He looks like a model tbh. Very good looking man.
Me me big sad.
"""Grab your Glock when you see [NAME], call the cops when you see [NAME]..."""
[NAME] is fucking destroying Bama and I LOVE IT
Going by it's [NAME] rating though, the district should be leaning blue. 
PS. I love my aunt! She’s one of the reasons I went into “nursins.”
They never will until it affects them directly, and by then it's already in the end game for us :/
Oh my gosh. This woman who died also had a son who died. Holy tragedy
I think that's just natural, humans weren't really intended to fly by nature so I guess it just feels wrong or something, idk
This isn't really petty, it's actually brutal. *edit* but well done. I love it!
I despise [NAME] and all his cronies
If you feel like venting, I am happy to listen.
looks like we got a double win today!!
Don’t do a long distance thing, not worth it and a waste of time
Yeah I'm not arguing there isnt recreational potential though it can certainly mess you up. Doesn't help most products with dxm have other active ingredients.
Same here. I had a lot of swelling but not abnormal pain.
How illuminating.
Same, ASMR is nightmarish. My skin crawls just thinking about it.
Oof, what a bad and dated meme
Looking cool [NAME]
>the silent majority This is the most ignorant thing I've read so far today
Idk why ur being downvoted, I thought that's funny
I love this post. Are you with park services?
I wish more people enjoyed that sport.. when that clay explodes you get that FEEL
This makes me want to get nipple piercings but I’m too scared to :/
Love the gif but I bloody hate these kinds of captions. It's as annoying and cringey as a fully grown adult doing baby-talk.
That's not what is being contested here. Telling your kid something like this would certainly make you a bitch.
Hang on to all sorts of things just in case. Eat inexpensive food.
Their heart rate and sats are great. Don't know what you're worried about.
Glad to have you here :)
Good times, good timessss lol
thank you!!
Wow. That was deep. I hope you make out well move on and find true love. Be strong
Yeah, but I mean, you need to actually be motivated for the climate and not just wanting to skip school
80% of the country is putting their faith in a man who doesn’t even have personal awareness of where he is.
well we all know what a complex meal sandwiches are! hahaha
I don’t love prison- I love the stuff that leads me TO prison. Get on board, [NAME].
I forsee success in your future endeavors.
Yay! Congrats!
I’m sorry :(. Lol. For me, after the ending of 3, and Andromeda, I have zero interest in ME.
I also wanted to point this out! I love JJGO!!
I'd piss right on their floor. Fuck this.
This should in r/funny not here, very expected
WERE* protesting This is not current. Misleading.
She muctb not really be that into you
Alleviate' meaning what? Make my working life suck less?
Not really cringe. Just sad.
I love [NAME] can’t wait for the full circle version of him
Wait that... that doesn’t happen
Go easy on your mom; this letter sounds like it was written from a place of deep love.
Eh. I think either works. But sure. Replies is probably more accurate
At least it isn't too terrible? Actually it's not bad at all. Still VERY delusional!! Good post
Great quote.
The only thing wrong with her is her face. Maybe she has a giving personality?
Wow! Congratulations on taking your sex life back! Nice to wake up and see such positivity.
You'll miss a begging old man asking for a spare coin. RIP
Wow that's not how you resolve things. Escalation is the last option.
Happy Mic Day!
Lol, pinches narizones.. Their physical game is on another level. Would rather play with a guy like that instead of against him though that's for sure.
Happy that you're happy, and good to see someone highlighting the good parts! Any particular streaming service you're looking to get? :D
You are an amazing human being
Tell your husband. Its lies by omissions. Who are you to pick and choose what HE wants to know.
Happy to see that you're in recovery
Because they are triggered. I’m just stating my opinion. It’s a bit fun.
That's the problem I'm pointing, the media use stupid clicbait names and people get dumber and dumber.
One of the best pubs in London. Even more likely inside!!
"""You're my best friend in the whole world Mister [NAME]."" *meows for food*"
You know what to do. Start telling people.
Hope all is well now xo
Ugh I'm sorry man! Jerk off until your heart is content and don't apologize for it!
HER VOICE IS SO GOOD no wonder she likes phone calls
Deathly afraid, the undersides of boats too. I can't look if I see them in a picture or movie
If everyone else can figure this out, then I don't see why it's so implausible for the US.
Also Strike Anywhere. This thread makes my heart happy. <3
Conservative is massively brigaded on an hourly basis. Unfortunately, it requires strict moderation or else it is unreadable.
I love [NAME]. He’s just going to keep getting better.
Omg, your screen name made me lol!!
That is not accurate based on the conversation i had with Mr. [NAME] today.
Ah does look fun
I'd smash
That whole thread makes me want to shake babies.
Glad you came to your senses. Go feel uncomfortable about Lola bunny in Space Jam again.
Yep California, I would've been surprised if they cleared him.
Psst, your spoiler tag is busted. Don't leave spaces between the ! and your text.
so true lmao
That doesn’t seem like very responsible presentation of findings.
Sure that's a good way. Unfortunately, I am not a gamer per se.
Nope, not a [NAME] fan at all.
I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.
Left or right, doesn't matter, just laugh at statists on all sides 
I love how his armor got bigger and bigger as he got progressively fatter.
These memes are either on a 9gag level or r/funny levels of comedy. And I can't tell which is worse.
Yes! Dont you love to let babies suck you with a perfect jawline!
It doesn’t look cool
Sorry, new at 
Feel free to leave.
Sorry for the bad analogy, yours is way better
I apologize, that sincerely was meant for Askreddit. If you look at my history you'll see that's where I always post. My mistake.
Well 216 is out now and Im crying. [NAME] why?
I'd enjoy a nice warm hug. Along with a delightful conversation. But that works too.
Ohh I love bag designs
They are so old and so predictable that they can NOT see how “silly” they look when they post articles like this......
Then I’m sorry but this game really isn’t for you. Progression like that would ruin the base of what this game is.
[NAME] is not good enough to get that angry.
YOUR momentum doesn't help you, its the direction you're aiming and THEIR momentum that does. they were probably backing up when that happened.
Sorry I dropped this /sノ( ゜-゜ノ)
Men are the worst.
Okay, I'll admit it. I laughed.
BECAUSE THERE IS A SHUTDOWN ATTACHED TO IT! HOW DO YOU NOT GET THAT?
Hi, everyone! This is my 13 minute action/comedy short film, JUICY! I hope you all enjoy! Feedback is welcome. 
CBP are doing great work here. Well worth giving them some cash, can't wait to go visit
What a pretentious, self-promoting post.
Somebody gettin fired
I don't date women who smoke. As for pills or syringes etc, I don't find recreational drug users attractive. Similarly for being drunk.
wow, we really live in future
This, in top of my already terrible mental health, is the reason why I'm severely underweight and need help.
Happy cake day!
Looks like I posted it. Oh no!
LOL no its not all in the video. We have all seen the longform video now so its obvious that I was right.
Those guys are TOUGH. glad to see Blackwater back in business to keep the peace over there
thanks. I will read these
Honestly Texas deserves to win with they way they’re playing, they clearly came motivated and they’re outperforming UGA on both sides of the ball.
[NAME] instead of [NAME] for me, but glad to see [NAME] is doing well.
"I pose you this question, ""How do you know [RELIGION] is not the right religion?"""
Haha, looks like it.
I have no shame in saying I still have my blanket from when I was a child. And a favorite [NAME] plushie.
Ahh okay, that makes a lot of sense. But you're totally right, we've just gotta work as hard as possible.
I find that relatable: I too am terrified of myself.
Been off since November 29th. I would rather be working and making money. Home gets boring
spark up bro. Welcome.
Yeah, this just sounds like the usual Seattle understatement.
This is really helpful, thanks!
Right now, it feels like a good thing but not a great thing. I don't love it... But I don't hate it. 
we can only hope
I got banned on an old account for no discernible reason months after I had last posted there.
They get a bottle or i get a bottle...may as well share the wealth
Looks like we found his natural position.
Yeah that helps. Thanks :)
You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.
[NAME] fucking [NAME] are you done yet racist motherfucker, you’re not helping society
Awesome use of open data. Love the app.
oh, my bad
Ugh I love Stapleton. [NAME] has always really been loyal to the authentic sound though IMO, he definitely stands out. 
It's good worrying about things that can be helped. Lol
I found a dentist (Aspen Dental) that text or email confirms every appointment and my doctors office has an app for everything from appointments to prescription refills.
Not sure, I'm not good at expressing my feelings, and sometimes I get angry and say things that very hurtful
Thanks you!
Man, that sounds like a big stuff around. Good luck getting it sorted
Cats are repulsive and they don't deserve to be pets
No that would be yet another mistake.
I'm sad for the bot. They only want a purpose
I like this response. I can’t give you gold but have some honorary gold.
I’m sooo excited for you!! I’m not dating right now but I love hearing someone be all verklempt.
I was actually introduced to hbomb and breadtube in general Becuase of [NAME] vid on ds2. So thanks [NAME]?
I hope you get the mental help that you clearly need.
[NAME] is phenomenal. It’ll be a sad day once he’s gone
Maybe you’re just extremely boring and bland, and outright refuse to learn to take photos that don’t suck. 
It was righteous
D'oh, it's even in the title! Thanks.
No thanks.
Interesting, I did not know that. Thanks for the TIL! Could you recommend any resources that discuss this further?
> This is just a waste of time. Just like making portland denizens use their tax dollars to built a stadium
What a respectable women.
It’s beautiful. I think I need to move. 😊
We have reached the stage where below 2 million is good. There truly is no bottom to this pit.
Left handers are rejoicing over this
Take a seat young ragewalker.
Brooklyn-Boston playoffs would be the most toxic thing of all time. Only Sixers-Cs would be worse
Great site. Never heard of it. Thank you for passing along!
The only problem is that what you will never hear pf their relationship through sponsorships.
Nah I think you're just feeling confident because you got a slamming deal on those clothes! I would feel the same way!
Twins.. my first time having having a child and I get twins. This is gonna be a ride lol
Haha yes. Thank you. No accidents, so it went well 😂😂
My husband and I have been circling the drain for years. :(
I had a GB in 1999 and it was worse than birthing my son. I would have loved to have had the sleeve....
Holy balls! I hope that's your neighbor.
I’m more sorry that there are actual [NAME] fans...
Sapa is pretty good, but Takashi is by far the best quality sushi in Salt Lake.
Well two other close testers are really upset about rolling
This hit me with de good ol memories
I enjoyed this nearly as much as I enjoy too many pints.
THE ONLY RUMOR I'VE EVER HEARD IS WHETHER OR NOT THE SEARCH FUNCTION EXISTS. SPOILER ALERT: IT DOES.
Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.
Unfortunately if you’re looking for game info about the Detroit Basketball team your in the wrong sub.
That is disgusting. He should be embarrassed.
This is just so sweet! That's all. :). So sweet.
Please seek medical help
700 euros per week for 16 hour days 6 -7 days a week is shite and well below minimum wage if you work it out per hour.
My friends that were badly injured from the first fight. Read my backstory comment.
Break ups are hard. Hope you feel better.
I wish that were a thing 🙄
Yeah I'd recommend it, definitely an easy watch
My point was that it’s creepy. I never said it was illegal.
That's a great comparison
Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily
Btw- I love your flair!
um what about just not engaging and leaving?
[NAME] got a thing for redheads? [NAME] would love to have a word with you.
This girl wasn't molested. She was a young (legal) girl who thought it was cool to get with someone her dads age
[NAME] today is great, when he plays like this he is a rly good player
Buddy you are mad online right now. Take a deep breath or a Xanax
One of my favorite moments
I’m sorry to be that guy, but I don’t get it 
i curse you
Oh that’s actually seriously a relief, how do you know that though?
Oooo I see, I was hoping it wasn't a troll thing, it seemed really tasteless.
That's when they brew their second cuppa before work haha
GO SUB TO HIM HES THE BEST
That sounds awesome! So good to have someone able to teach you their skills 😊
Get ready for another wasted season
Cats/dogs for sure. It would be refreshing.
Awesome, that's super good news :D
haha packing it in already after a regular season loss
My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.
It's okay. One day you won't be so sad and angry, and people will still accept you.
What a wonderful story! Thank you so much for sharing that just made me smile .
>![NAME] get the crossbow before it's too late he can't breath oh [NAME] please hurry im shaking and crying rn!<
Thank you, man🌱
Super dumb that people are downvoting you for asking a question in good faith.
Daily would be great, but...life stuff like work sometimes get in the way.
Waahha, ohh, they massawaaa... STOP IT. YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN.
Yeah lol, my bad. 
[NAME] living her best life in Germany.
Missed that, wishful thinking, I was hoping they would team up for a little
No I don’t want it to be unhappy or unhealthy AT ALL, just more like a normal/fussy baby.
[NAME] was so much cuter then. Also WOW that interview is cringy
Very legal and cool
And you better fucking get there early too! Bargain shoppers don't fuck around.
And she has ignored every single one of them, as expected of course.
Bi people can be attracted to trans and non-binary people, too.
By his comment I would say that he is in fact, a simpleton. So, too late.
It's even worse when you get someone from NJ who has no clue how to drive in the city environment.
I had a huge crush on the lead singer back in the day. Still have no idea what this song is about but love it.
Really? I love that show
correct. [NAME] was our 3rd round pick. Hand lookin like the steal of the draft
The fact you have to explain this at the third grade level is pathetic. People think somone preventing his own murder is a tragedy.
Gonna be sad when Gameday is inside a gym for shooty hoops. I already miss CFB :(
"""one of us will be right!"" Or...ya both wrong and wasted your energy being dumb asses instead of enjoying it."
You seem pretty upset about this. It's not an email it is a formal filing. It doesn't surprise me you don't understand that though.
Looks like something you would see in a comedy movie.
Don’t regret the time, had it been sooner you might be absent a kid or three! 
I agree with this
> As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?
You ain't wrong
I loveeeeee Perth!!!! Why isn’t anyone else gushing about this town?
You are correct, this happens everytime to me
Is that Arcade club i spy? I love it there!
then youll do just fine!
They do sound kinda not worth it then. At least large ones don't sound worth it. You have my sympathy.
This is not porn lol
No I meant like did they then forget and ask a follow up question. Basically making the situation more funny.
Awesome! I just recently custom made some art for my razer panthera! It certainly is a lot of fun to do! 👍
My fiancé and I went to a friends house and just hung out until midnight and watched fireworks, it was so chill and perfect!
Well that made me want to continue to live in Alberta.
I have but I sugar discreetly and I’m genuinely afraid to have that compromised due to the field I’m in
I’m having a counseling this weekend ... nothing to be scared.... just tell them about your feelings and what are you worrying about..
It's racism. It doesn't make me angry, it makes me feel sorry for their ignorance and yours.
Thanks!!
I agree.
Is...Is this a Hitman themed FE Shitpost?...I dunno whether to be happy or impressed by this.
Hahahahhahhaha!!! Thats the right wing in a nutshell.....
“Guys watch out, the scary looking kid is coming down the hall”
i feel like slapping /s after everything sucks the fun out. it's not my fault people are autistic.... /s
"I did! Never moving back, I love my life in the ""big smoke""."
I can’t believe sb found this even remotely funny.
You can get a penta from 30 seconds after the quad.
Great! Now down with [NAME]!!
So much lonely
He was a US Attorney and Mayor of NYC. He's not an idiot and knows exactly what he's doing.
I do watch legends and lol yes we all know she existed/originated in the future. I also know that this is a different [NAME] from the [NAME].
"That's weird to hear since in Hebrew ""Son of man""- Ben Adam, simply refers to humans in general."
Oh! Im also Chinese (Singaporean) and due to the laws here my boyfriend and i are looking to go elsewhere...
I love her doctor. You need to send him some chili and cornbread
I have an issue metabolizing medications fast. I'll wake up during surgeries so they give me a lot of drugs.
I am inexplicably excited by [NAME]. I get so excited by how he curls passes
Damn, ultimate efficiency.
Monero enthusiast here. Make me happy and call me a liar again.
Don't worry you'll outlive them.
oh no I agree that its edited, but I think she has other things going on too.. BDD at least 
Ooh you made them?! Awesome!! I hope you enjoyed them. 5 cheeses sounds like a great decision.
That's a pretty laughable response. Pretty r/iamverybadass actually.
Thanks mate. It's just a process now. Fingers crossed that time will heal all (or most) wounds!
Right, ok thank you.
Weird but effective
Thank you very much, I must have missed these while I didn't have regular Internet access. Sorry for putting you on the list in error. 
Excited to see this kid in red and black some day
Congrats and be well. Peace and tranquility to you. !
These are both beauties. Those big dark eyes and that smile.
So I did. Good call.
I'm ugly and able to bump uglies with someone I can make laugh. Mission accomplished.
Thank you all for the karma I’ve gotten!
"Seriously, I spit up my drink reading ""The GOP not the ones threatening children"". I know a few thousand kids in cages that might disagree. "
I've have a serious fear of getting winded, this video made my balls fall off 
Done. Good riddance. Thank you for your comment
Yep. If we don't come up with a solution, there is no need for solutions to anything else.
That’s only really annoying if it’s excessively slow
The comments on this thread are what I expected and that makes me sad.
yea he had 6 assists which created 13 points, if he had 13 points and no assists people would be calling it a great game for him
"I want this back ""I want us back"" I missed the part where that's my problem"
If you’re working out, juicy AF, and needing to pay for escorts you must be got damn ugly in the face. 
Dive into that sweet sweet goodness, buddy. View the meetup the woman being lucky to be around you, and it gets much easier.
I honestly predict a riot on the scale of the 2011 ones if we undergo a no-deal brexit - possibly even worse. It's terrifying.
Wow that's not OK
I’m with you, like shouldn’t we call someone or make sure this was followed up on? This poor guy. 
It's in case he suffers from amnesia and forgets his name.
What a combo of food
Oh man that hurt to watch
They don’t have that on iOS unfortunately 😭 but thank you for the suggestion!
This must be what you get angry about when you don’t have any actual problems in your life.
Jealousy is unbecoming
good luck! I wish you the best <33
Thank you!! Makes sense, I was deciding between laxes and stool softeners so I think I'll just go with the lax teas
GAA' isn't a sport...
Thanks man, I managed to feel better by letting loose with some music - definitely a *much* better way to pull out of a dive. 
mystery solved.
Did he beat all the bosses solo? If he did, he's less of a scrub than I am.
>Make I've never hated a commentator more in my lifetime then him
Yea, husband learned his lesson quite quick. Thank you! :)
Let's kill and eat them all. That'll stop those damned animals from deforesting my forests
It was a terrible, terrible thing to do. He did every day of his time for it, has expressed regret, and has not repeated it.
Real nice guys are just kind people.
Pretty much every Punjabi dude I've met.
No response after a week? That's something to worry about.
I'm sorry it happened like that for you. I really can't imagine.
C'mon Mr [NAME], you're not going to eat all that watermelon.
Op you're fine, anyone who's actually been in your situation would have reacted the same. This commentor is just trying to make you feel bad. 
I am really excited for you! We texted a few weeks before we met too! The first hugs and kisses were the best!
"That's a lot of words to say ""I'm upset that women don't want to date me."""
Yeah cause no man has ever been falsely imprisoned due to allegations proven later to be false
OMG, my two favorite franchises and the two best girls!!
Damn video made me think there was audio!!
You've described my parents who have been happily married for 36 years. You are good dude.
Upvoted for visibility. Disapprove of the poll results.
Don't wear out our [NAME]. We need him if this season is going to amount to anything.
Yeah, I'll admit I like Kuzma. [NAME] does kind of remind me of a less talented [NAME].
What a loser, sad. 
I'm afraid of having a sit down with them amd not being heard. But I might have to for my safety.
Welcome to switzerland 😂 I see it everyday, when I'm on my way to work. 
I love bein' inside u, baby
Oh hell no. Shes blind!!! No way in HELL is she ever being left alone with it.
More admired than [NAME] [NAME] is admired by starbucks baristas. Unemployed kids. And cat ladies
Too bad he went back home to Nepal, it's always great seeing these young spinners getting a go in the BBL.
I do feel sorry for the squirrel, but I wouldn't say the dog is a jerk for acting on natural instinct.
If we can’t even score on the power play pulling the goalie made no sense
You are goddam funny sir
would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez
LPT: Make sure your chickens aren't pink anywhere by just chucking them in a 1000° oven
BASED AND REDPILLED
my parents did this for 8 years. apparently it’s a lot of fun
*sigh* just take it ⬆️
This is true, but For THIS situation, it's time to take notes on the situation and do better on the next one. She deserves better.
Yes. We actually just talked about it too. Dont know if he took me seriously, but am trying. 
Just read your list, sounds great!! You have some creatures even I didn’t think about 👍!!
Sitting at home drunk waiting for my tech to charge so I can sit out back and listen to music lol
We just let a guy go last month - voluntary resignation. He was a great worker but didn't want to train others.
Really? Wow. You’re either hopelessly ignorant or you’re trolling. For your sake, I hope you’re trolling.
Now *I’M* angry
You're a turd
Shhhhhhh ... It will be ok, honey.
[NAME] shot has been quite frankly terrible tonight, wayy too strong on most of his looks
Meanwhile, 1500 a day continue to die from cigarettes
Beautiful place, been there in September!
That's awesome. For the record, I do get anxious over very non intrusive questions, I really have a tenancy to read too much into things. 
Sounds really boring so I hope you like it
Oh nice, gonna add that to the list. Thanks!
I'll take a window seat for lmao at this.
Yes, that is exactly what happened.
Please make a separate post that includes these territorial changes and not one for each village. Thank you for your efforts.
Omg. I just noticed that! Holy fuck, how does she smell?
He must've done something real bad. I played with a guy who by all counts was an asshole but never received more than mutes.
And still our government is not responsible enough to pay its bills. It's rather pathetic.
Thank you 😊
I've been watching too much my 600lb life...I instantly hear dr. [NAME]
Respect my authoritah! Demanding respect sounds like a guarantee of not getting it.
IM GOING TO GO BACK TO INDONESIA UNLESS YOU STOP PAYING CHILD SUPPORT YOU SHOULD BE SUPPORTING ALESS AND [NAME]
A waste of money to you is not a waste of money for everyone.
I just unassigned and left
It's a shortcut, dude, he just knows the map!
Midland has a ton of smart people. A lot of petroleum engineers.
nice to see that more special needs are out in the work force. go get em pal.
Boy what an accomplishment, so proud!
Now you have to make up all these downvotes with some low-hanging-fruit criticism comment of [NAME] or [NAME]. Good luck and cheers!
Please give us updates. Oh wow.
That isn't normal or healthy. Stop obliging her obsession.
I once went alert on N1 and killed 3 people.. 2 maf and a doc. Doc got resurrected later thankfully
I’m not sure are we now taking the word of the FBI and Navy as legitimate sources or what’s happening here lol?
They are awesome!
Oh 100%. And I could see [NAME] & [NAME] both picking [NAME] cause of how she wanted to play the game.
The reaction is incredible. I’m quite certain it’s satire as well, but its impact is depressing as hell. 
Doesn't mean we can't improve on what we have
Interesting. I wonder how does this work. Does it do swaps itself? Does it utilize the currency exchange listings? I'll check it out later.
Lol the actual state of this Nothing wrong with pointing out [NAME] was a cunt snowflake Suppose it makes a change from your usual woman hating posts
I'm sad can someone make me feel better Feel like shit rn just want [NAME] back
Excess of 300 partners and not using protection is unappealing to me, I dont want catch anything 
Seen this result coming. Best result for us and rangers unfortunately.
just apologize. what other advice could you possibly require? you fucked up, now deal with it.
But we did get an awesome transit line from downtown to the airport, plus most of the Olympic facilities existed before the games.
Am I not supposed to have what I want? What I need?!?
It won't, it will stop the ones who cross the border. Not a very hard concept. 
Yikes. I was kind of excited to get a new [NAME] if he gets last man in but I'll pass on these butt ugly jerseys.
I love this wow
This could have been done in two panels and that’s honestly what annoys me the most about this
One of my coworkers made the wait list. Great guy, but yeah, it is a rich getting richer situation.
Okay, I'll try to find one. Sorry about that.
I destroyed about 1/2 of them because black snakes are actually a good thing to have around. I just didn't want too many of them.
You don’t have to hate players just for being on a different team. I hate that [NAME] is an [NAME]. I don’t hate [NAME]
Go with her, eat healthy food with her too. It may help
[NAME] just wants to post pics of her facetuned of herself for attention while acting morally superior to those other girls. fuck off
He’s also got a girlfriend that he really seems to care about....
I'm glad you made a Reddit account to inform us how much you totes don't care bro
I’m kind of scared to talk to my manager about it
They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them. 
[NAME] has been attacking the basket a lot this game,good to see.
The best losers of grand finals cod has ever seen
Everytime I get to hug someone.
This is amazing, man. Kick some ass, make good food, get paid. Congratulations
"Look [NAME] is here ""Where the fuck was he an hour ago, gary, where!?"""
I saw that fan art once, where [NAME] is drawn as [NAME], and its funny cause they're both my favorite characters in Persona and Jojo
Congrats!!! Thatll be me in May and I cant freaking wait!
It was a painful cringe, too. Are we masochists?
Oof this hits home
Itll happen. Im 36 and i think i finally found the one last year 🤞
Your smartly worded refutation of the whole of the rest of Christendom has swayed me completely, Rome is the only true home! Hurrah! Hurrah!
I believe he means he was a very pretty child to become otherwise after puberty...
Them boys smelling even more blood in the water. Rack them fuckin points up boys!
Let's hope January treats us a little better than December.
For [NAME] sake, they used OFFICIAL ones , my god. Fucking animals.
Rule 2 of firearms: Never point the muzzle at something unless you’re ready to poke tiny holes in it.
Thank you so much kind sir, now im excited to start reading the LN!
2 Minute [NAME] is the scariest [NAME]. I fear they have yet again, like the regular season game, scored too soon.
Thank you so much, this is beautiful
Thanks! I'm now quite excited. Unless of course they all decide to skip straight from Chatswood to Gordon.
Hope you're not [RELIGION], 'cause that ain't kosher... 
You really don't comprehend anything my man, now do you? Goodness gracious the amount of stupidity. 
But hes still in love with me just not as much as he used to be... and he calls me.
It's over! Move on and find a better partner.
Lol i got bottled by one of them in a brawl with a bunch of the nazis
That shit sent me on a fucking journey to read.
So the article is pretty much nonsense.
It's absolutely beautiful
That is even worse. No tax from them and we provide them with services.
Come on really. I’m for gay rights.
Holy bait-and-switch, [NAME]. I’m so sorry, that has to be incredibly stressful to have to be around and deal with.
Hahaha for real..
It's so weird having HGs up this early, but I love having something to watch before my 8am lecture starts.
I want to know how she thinks you can convert fat into muscle
I'm a woman, 50-adjacent, and a descendant of slaves. I like hot sauce but I hate [NAME].
I gave him a hug and told him how glad I was that he was okay after the police assault. He’s amazing!
Of course these are all conspiracy theory shitposts BUT just because he got squeezed out, doesn’t mean they want him playing for a rival team.
You're a hottie!
wait they actually lost lmao. i stopped watching halfway cuz i thought SPY had it in the bag ^^^^andigotmywatchrewards
My only criticism is xhaka, too slow on and off the ball.
Thats the high life of empowerment.
feeling like im not normal and that im shameful and wrong and other people telling me those things are what have done this to me
I spent a good portion of my childhood in Arizona and Colorado. I love the rain and greenery here in Oregon
Hip hop has fallen down so far music in general, since the 90's. 
Probably when they fired their cartoonist a few months ago for having the wrong opinions.
Really not sure how that’s your takeaway.
He's not my type but [NAME] is handsome AF. /s
If they want to attack [RELIGION] they should be honest with the website title Imagine a [RELIGION] creating a website and calling it WikiChristianity and constantly attack [RELIGION].
This is clearly the world's most dangerous gang
[NAME] SHOT THE PUCK *AND* WE SCORE Who woulda thunk
Oh! Thanks for clarifying. The entire time I thought it was written by a child to their OWN parents. I'm thick.
We can’t have that
Nothing special, just love a good knife fight. Bonus Revive.
I'm afraid I'll pick something else.
More Nice Guy IMO.
Super righteous.
Lol. Unfortunately, yes. >sigh<
I have basically that print on a t-shirt, it's definitely coming out of the closet more often as soon as the campaign is official.
I’m here, I’m here! Thank you all!
The self righteous feel no shame
For both of you together? The fuck company are you using.
That's that frequency dying in your ears. Enjoy it, because you will never hear that exact frequency again
I never said anything about that lmao
Surely hope so, buddy. Surely hope so.
I don't think you're allowed to administer a vaccine to someone who is sick/injured.
Sorry for your loss yesterday. Your team is poised to do even better in the years to come and hopefully they will.
Happy cake day!
You look better when people can’t see you <3
Every single time a person has demanded to see an MD rather than me I have appreciated the dodged bullet. It's never fun for the physician.
"I feel sorry for people that think Reddit (or even some random sub-reddit) is ""an international stage""."
May [NAME] bless and keep the President... far away from us!
I think years...I'm not ready and I know it, but I know years
i feel betrayed by the community
It's hard to have a nuanced opinion, innit? But I don't like everything he does. This is one if them.
You just made my point, you obnoxious whining kid
This was my biggest problem. And I'd want a nap too. That's why I have to shower at night.
very pretty lady.
This was extremely helpful, many thanks!
Insomuch that I'll probably avoid any Stahly products in future :|
At least he's finally done one thing right. Utter fucking disappointment at every level, by every metric.
Yeah that dragon one with the same style ? Mesmerizing. I believe there's also one close to Civic center
I don't drink at all specifically because the next day is sheer terror.
"Submissive? ""she’s a [NAME] so literally it’s like a brand new car [NAME] has blessed me with."" You're disgusting."
That guy who said that it's a good idea to never smile towards women you like? Pass, the book was ultra-overrated 
She's reading Canada's extradition act but not Canada's extradition treaty with the USA. I've had this argument before, it's pointless.
Rip I guess.... Hope op does that Also happy cake day!
ok so that was fucking sick
You’re wrong. Source: I looked before I commented the first time.
[NAME] is an awesome film school...not surprised this came from Dodge
I’ll be honest I really don’t care. I’m happy to know that others care about this, but eh you do you
I’m sorry you have to deal with that
It was done before and it was terrible
As a person that regularly down votes people that repost front age gifs, I will award you an upvote because this makes me laugh every time.
Child labor laws are ruining this country
I want to so bad it hurts. I guess I'm just scared.
I never said she wasn't a downgrade. But on r/political_revolution the complaint seems to be that she didn't endorse anybody in 2016.
It’s amazing how buggy this game is. Itd [NAME] buying a new car with most of the parts broken. We will fix it eventually.
Thank you!! That’s me as [NAME]!
Help, I'm scared and want to go back.
thats not good
Become friends with people who work night shift. We are always up at crazy hours and need a distraction from our work.
So happy for your strong stance and to help him on his way out of your life.
I sort of did lol. I think what I mean is that you cant look at it as an alternative to rdp
Now I wanna know how the hell did you stole the body of an NPC :o
Fuck the haters [NAME] > Everybody
The cruelest people in the room are a pack of gormless dullards. It's the banality of evil for the 21st century.
[NAME] was actually wrong all along. JAH > Jokic /s
i love this subreddit
Omg yes!
literally I feel like crying
That is awesome.
too damn often!! and i’m cute as hell! i’m mad!!
Please stop talking [NAME].
I giggled. Then looked at my corgi and imagined him stuck butt first in a big wine bottle.
[NAME], you're annoying. Did [NAME] steal your girl or what? Everytime someone mentions [NAME] on this subreddit, you appear to trash talk him.
I love this! It's nice to hear of a positive outcome on here.
I mean, it certainly is weird but don't kinkshame
What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her
Glad to see [NAME] back
I mean retirement age was set at 65 because it *was* the average age people died. Living beyond retirement was never supposed to be a guaranteed plan.
At least london fans got a somewhat exciting game
I get ya man. It happens to the best of us.
neat, thank you!
Lol found the neckbeard
Oh? There's financial trouble in heaven? Lol
Thanks for this, got a mate in Germany. 
I could have gone to a party, but it's 10 outside. Sue me.
I was going to ask what temperatures are like where you live. The beauty of losing refrigeration in the winter is having the great outdoors.
Yes she was, but I'm here now. 
The way him and his mom talk to each other is like a little boy and his Mommy!
I really hope for it to fail miserably, so we can all agree on the sequel trilogy never happened.
This comment is very good and all but it got me thinking, *are* pizzas a type of tire?
Hope he gets rich from this too!
"Going for that most hated title with stupid posts from his ""fans "" "
LOOOOOL, Just exposing the man! Also happy cake day
Same. You all tried to save me, but I rewatched with the sound on and... I have regrets.
Dad doesn't need to be there for 12 months. But way too step up!
Definitely the current worst, hence 20 actually buffs coming her way.
Yes! These people are allowed to vote and drive and do other things that affect our lives!
I was in awe the whole hour I spent in there.
The current situation is one of cronyism, it doesn't represent a few market, which has other tools to deal with such things.
See that's what I figured, but at the same time academy is such a hindrance 😂
Same, I just love games so it helps to calm me down by taking my mind off it.
Hah hah I got the quote was mocking him - it was so perfect it thought it was genuine. Quality work :D
Its had enough of this life and ending it all.
Hell yeah I got the 420 upvote
It's the universe trying to kill us with radiation :D
[NAME] fits at 3 separate funerals plus almost every very serious uncomfortable conversation I've ever had would indicate you're not alone. [NAME].
So now I can't get defensive when you're being offensive? lol
the longest week (2014) I don’t know if it’s still available but it was pretty good romantic comedy
Cool! Glad to see some cooperation.
Got it! Thank you!
Congratulations. You posted the famous very first lolcat picture.
Everyone in this video is annoying. This seems like a terrible place to go hang out.
I was about to explain that the one with 8 h's was taken until I read your username. Beautiful.
Thank you kindly! I'll update my resume!
Don't stress it. Good Luck!
Aww man this sucks, but at least he’s going to Europe, so I’m happy for him! Goodbye [NAME]! 
> Humans are empathetic and do this daily. I have to remind myself of this sometimes.
Well I am a lady, so that would probably just freak them out. Oh, Reddit. Everyone is a man haha. 
You just gotta have little faith. They are gonna need more money and maybe then we can get to Tahiti.
Thank you and your upvoters
In my opinion, there should have never been a canon character... Maybe keeping it a mystery would be the BEST!
Who’s that cutie
I want to change though. If I'm around those people I will remain the same way. Right?
This is the only viable way out of Brexit.
Ugh...terrible.
"Thanks. Appreciate that perspective. I'm just saying it as a counter to the ""rope is the only cope"" mentality on the incel subreddit."
You can't stop [NAME], you can only hope to contain him
This made me spill my drink.
There’s tons of stories of animals taking care of kids....I believe the story! :)
I understand that. My question is more if anyone would be excited for it or interested in helping
What is normal? It should be tho....
Blow me you feckless moron, I was out of state. 
Jeez, I was joking
LOL, level up your life. My life is already at up level :))
You're right, I completely forgot the title
She sounds like she could be depressed. People who have depression need care, love and help to get better, not internet shaming. 
You sure seem angry. #itwillbeokay
Yaaaaaas! I need your curly hair routine!
TAKE MY MONEY
thanks for apologizing
thanks, I agree
I can feel his cheeks puffing out.
[NAME] and [NAME] had equally good chances when they were on the same line in the first/second period - they just didn't convert.
You are my own side. I feel an affinity for this sub and want to make it a good experience for all.
SKAM was great. I literally binged all of S3 as soon as I got home last night.
TeamViolet going strong fam!
I'm laughing hysterically at midnight Thanks LMAO
Yeah fair, plus this sub tends to go hard in different directions so it becomes extra hard to know if someone really is just that far gone.
And it’s always so uncomfortably awkward when someone says shit like this to you.
Damn that’s sad
Everyone started making remakes. Here is my favorite Lineage, too want, but why? People who love this game will also play it
Haha this is one of those moments that makes me laugh out loud
Most athletic play [NAME] ever made. Wow
Love the idea of these birds showing up during family gatherings and puking up trinkets
Maybe it's fantasy.....I just feel like the stock for a lot of these Ducks is reallllll low right now
Oh there's still bugs? Weird
Damn, [NAME] us just 2 steps behind all the time. It's just a matter of time before he gets some great shots in.
I am trying they try to say I’m fake even though I’m trying it’s painful to talk to them sometimes
Teeth. I really want good teeth and my hair is nice and easily maintainable atm
So. Fucking. Tone. Deaf.
Well fuck. I didn't think anybody cared at all...it's order than that?
Thank [NAME] for RT Audiences scores! The **REAL** objective quality metric for kinos!
So. This is scary as fuck.
I love your work, it makes my hair cry
Oh boy do I have some bad news for you!
I love how they didn’t really react negatively
And that smilie she gave the fiancé when he sat down with the sandwich....I would be scared if I was him.
Getting some sick high school nostalgia from this shot. Thanks for that man!
I appreciate your post, I’m just nervous is all, thank you
"""The first step, is to put on a set of vicious stilleto claws. This doesn't make things any easier, but it does build character"""
I see you utilized it. 3.5? Sad.
That and losing [NAME]. The two of them had instant chemistry. Excited to see is he can become a big part of our offense next year.
The questions are normal enough, but all at once and leading with them is a little weird.
[NAME] were the peak memes back when I first started on Reddit. Honestly none of the meme subs are good, they're all pretty cringy. 
Great. My existential crisis is back.
Gotta love that bison
Sorry misunderstood you! I’m talking about viruses and bacteria that can kill you like the flu etc
Stay strong friend.
Yeah.... I've always sucked at smiling honestly. I hate it. I hate selfies. I usually don't smile.
I'm loving the possibility of fighting a Chimera in the DLC.
It's sad how long it took me to get that. Haha got em
I go to a neighborhood mexican restaurant monthly for the past 2.5 years, but nobody knows my name ☹
Thanks for remembering. I have since added to my post :-)
I don’t know about romance, but I can certainly speak for the [NAME]
Omg you’re so cute!
Yeah if you’re able to fulfill that. Hopefully the bonus is worth it
Do you mind me PMing you for some help w/ dealing with the busy season? Thanks.
> a complete ham sandwich Love this. Using this.
As we shouldn't. We are trying to win a SB here not showcase another star player.
It's too bad that you think helping out the less fortunate is sad and make a joke about it . People like you are the problem.
My kitten just got very happy when Pasta scored. Such loud purrs! I was happy too.
The best LGBTQ+ FILM i have seen in years.
I'm glad you have your kids, but have you seen Brooklyn 99 like the op stated? It's worth living for too.
Right? It’s not like her family seems like they wouldn’t have helped with her son.
not sure I agree. whispers of madness can set up [NAME] signature and being card draw is always useful in the first lane.
I think this is the only place on the internet that is happy with this commercial hahaha
This. We already have so much more OL talent. We need another WR and TE, but I'm kinda excited
Almost in tears watching him celebrate, true captain ❤️
She always looks sticky.
that is one very expensive mistake
Don't make me kiss you!
Germany is the first country in Europe I've been to! Planning on Ireland next, and maybe Croatia(hoping for Germany again, though :) )
He knew what you meant. He pretended to be confused to save face. that’s disgusting...
Could be depression with psychotic features. Talk to your doctor asap!
I still get goosebumps every time i hear this track. It's just beautiful .
Follow rules 1 and 2 and you can have lame openers and you'll be fine.
Not sinking in is it. I'm hardly speaking in riddles. Good luck
Southern Mexico tends to always get fucked in the ass as well
That was my first thought too 😂
You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback
I got sucked right back into the vicious cycle of love-bombing, gas-lighting and degradation.
Ahh. Both of those are very good. Hope you enjoy them as much as I did.
That is one adorable meow loaf
Yes, and I looooooove it 😂😂
Contacted the hospital I was born at and I’m getting my birth certificate! Thanks for all the help this was a big step forward
This is awesome! Does anyone know if an EST version is available?
Love the username <3
Another day, another destiny! 
shits awesome!
Sad thing is it would probably forcibly ground the plane.
This whole sub makes me sad.
I always feel so bad for [NAME] when I watch this scene.
Ay i saw that live. You have amazing movement! GG bro!
The other cop left a fucking animal ordinance notice on his patio chair
5. Puts you in debt 6. Isolates you from all social interaction 7. Leaves you with nothing but a product you can't sell
Lawson’s Sip of Sunshine! Excellent Vermont beer.
Ohh looking cool Jok- Get out of here side character.
Here, kiddo. Happy cake day. You need it more than I do.
Hang on is that allowed? Geez that guy seemed really angry.
Thank yous in the form of hand gestures you carrot cake
Don't worry, no one ever will 
Now I know where to do stag party for my friend, finally.
HOLY SHIT CHANCE
I am unconcerned.
Oh, give me a break, it was worded like an insult, clear as a day. A mild one, but still.
Still awesome. I skateboard, ride bikes, and hang out with my friends. Edit: I'm 40
He referenced us!!!! And we're gonna have to do something about delicious
I feel sorry for this little girl. She's legitimely scared.
Shame ,your quite cute 
I'm laughing because this exact thing happened to me.
Yea I’m into this I guess. So thanks for that(?)
Doing something you don’t like can be hard for anyone but if you just keep your end results in mind you can do anything!
Or just get the fuck out and never look back.
[NAME] is such a gift. I love him.
I’m super excited and waiting for the FOV slider to put on the live server.
Her little baby frown is adorable
That's really interesting. Thank you for the information. It's just hard to imagine lives you'll never live.
True! I guess we all cheer for salt lake? Since they are directly affiliated with us.
agreed 100% if's freakin ridiculous! I think YouTube pays them to influence you to pay for the You Tube subscription just to NOT see these ads!
Shhhh let them have it, they need this. They are still living in 1990 lol
This is disgusting.... please make more.
we deserve to lose after that
Damn. Also awesome for the victims and others who spoke out about the abuse.
I will have one of each please. Not just far left and right. All. Any doubles you might have as well. Thanks byeee
excuse me what. [NAME] played midfield pretty much the entire half of last season for Liverpool
She better!!! .....nobody else will
It also makes me cry! but because it shows how far [NAME] has fallen...
"Intended as a ""it's funny because it's true"" not ""this is hilarious"""
That beat is mad smooth
I am proud to be racist No one in real life will know this
I feel like you need to get out of your current situation for the sake of your own happiness.
aye they buggin for no reason im just saying good job keep it up.
Oh god, the one common denominator strikes again and is rubbing off on the other players. We're doomed, back to the drawing board in 2020
In looking at the questions answered in the AMAs following the [NAME] podcast, I don't see any related to [NAME] or race/IQ. 
Hopefully we can get this solved soon.
i disagree with that, you cant say everyone in the country does that, you dont know every [NAME] and their entire life stories stories
Mostly because they're not completely stupid. They don't have the support in the senate to pull it off.
Correct! Unfortunately, we're looking for a bit more computing experience than knowing what site you're on. Thanks for your interest though.
Chill. Not everyone is perfect.
Good for you for shutting that door! You are not responsible for him. He’s a grown ass man who made his own mistakes.
"I always laugh at the statement above. ""Qualified to give a urine sample?"" ""Huh?"""
What's your best [NAME] story? You rock btw!
It’s tinder no one cares if they get blocked cringe to you is funny to them
i’m so proud of you!! good job dude!! :)
I'd say the key difference is probably vegemite consumption...
I miss the confetti cakes :(
Its an mlm in disguise, branded to appeal to the college demographic. I got the fuck out 
LOVE THIS!!
You can go on the offical league forum and look for people.
And I can't call the capitol switchboard to express my concern about this because the government is shut down. Awesome.
Wellllll...it's a look.
Nah, girl, you did great. I'm also shocked by guys who want to hook up without a condom.
I have more faith in [NAME] than anyone on the court to make a 3. Strange world
Ah yes, the romantic concept of a meal in bed.
Im not 😀 Glad you realize your mistake and why I was confused 😉
That sounds like a good system.
It's a loooong story with some awkward weirdness haha
Awesome guys! Thank you for the ideas. It interesting to see what people will do depending on whether they play killer or survivor lol
Awe man thank you ♥️♥️
This is so cringey it hurts. I feel so bad for whoever sent this because they are so stupid.
I understand your point. But I’d still rather get some stuff stolen than lose a member of the family.
Glad you’re doing better internet stranger, and I hope you continue to know peace and happiness. Be well.
You're right, thanks for pointing that out, I've edited it now. Carry on.
Fantastic pub, went there last year as part of the liquid history pub tours. 
Here in America too. Those counter protesting fascist get thrown in jail and pepper sprayed like animals. It makes no sense that this happens.
Food must be good then. It looks good. Besides the wood plank lol
It would be a little less irritating if the 10 cents you pay if you want some paper bags didn't go to the government as a tax.
I'm a little sad that there's not actually a video called Dance of the Hillary, virus or not.
Loathing Big Pharma has nothing to do with being anti-vax.
Okay this is really promising stuff. I'm definitely excited for this.
Yard goats was awesome. Almost a major league feel to it when it’s a packed day
[NAME] dumb friends wanted him with the little baddie. and now he's gonna end up back in jail. Oh [NAME] I love [NAME].
Does that idiot not realize he's roasting himself by calling [NAME] a bad lawyer? You worked with him for a decade, moron.
Thanks for sharing. Lies like this make it harder for the real ones to share and get justice
He's messing with my emotions and my fantasy hockey pool....
You beat me to it
I hope for Irelands sake you're right.
Can't you tell that [NAME] is a serious threat to apprehend. All that alleged lying makes him a serious threat to others.
That’s an interesting take. Thank you for giving me some perspective, never saw it like that. 
I feel extremely bad for people in this thread who are in any way shape or form relying on the federal government to improve their situation.
Okay, diet is important that's true. Do you take any medication? Do you have a psychiatrist or doctor who you see for your mental health?
Your kind honestly need to fuck off out of Ireland. Nobody wants your dumb fucking antisemitism here
By all means, go for it. We'll all be much happier when you're not dragging us down anymore.
She’s cute in both pics but whats up with the triangle chin on the left
Me too, I just stood there clapping the whole time.
I had a friend send me a 3+ hour paranoid conspiracy documentary, zeitgeist I think it was called... Wasted 10 minutes before I noped the fuck out..
Ah!! Was not expecting to read that this morning on my commute 😭 lol Just so beautiful! 
Is it possible you've been banned from them? I dont know how I feel about having the special privilege to view that sub lol.
"In Catholicism, old is good. Truth does not change with the times. Malichi 3:6 ""...for I am the [NAME], I change not""."
Crime in the park is the only kind of crime that matters for the sake of this discussion. Your generality does not apply here.
Wife left me and I am just broken. relapsed tonight from 7 years clean and just not seeing a point anymore
I really pity those unfree Cuban babies. It’s just sad.
Even worse.
Damn, we need healthy PGs.
Ik I’m crying rn
Completely valid point but [NAME] is better than anyone [NAME] had to work with.
[NAME] had them a few months ago. Friend bought some for her sick dog.
oh c'mon - i wanna see you defend old testament slavery some more!!!
Everyone's probs already said it, but lats and chest, legs are big quad energy. Keep up the good work
Don't get insulted by it
I agree! I loved him as [NAME] and I wish the writing had been better. He's amazing.
Is there any way to somebody can please translate the notes into doc form or something? I am having trouble viewing them :(
It's my dream to one day have a completely black wardrobe. For now, I'm stuck with the clothes my mom picks out for me.
Look I'm not saying that I agree with them, theres no need to be an asshole
Gotta love these kids! When they do or say the cutest things like that, it really makes u melt....... Enjoy OP!!!
People say 'confidence is attractive' which is definitely true. That doesn't mean that being arrogant or pretending to be confident is attractive.
Please ask questions about moving to Denver in the Q&A sticky, thanks! Short answer: no 
I've heard how hard it is to get into nursing programs, congratulations!
If I had that I’d stop working and travel full time. I do not understand the avarice of the wealthy. It makes no fucking sense.
I'm more interested in why there are goldfish in the picture...
Man I know youre joking but they swept us and still got the better pick. Pretty lame.
I don't think this happened at all tbh
I truly hope so
Very good advise, I did not realize this. I guess there is more risk in a lease than what I initially thought. 
You think people want to marry me. Joke's on you homes.
I fully agree. What works for one doesn't worth for another. Good luck.
Ohh, whoops. I still don’t agree but I see my mistake 
He’s such a little bitch, impossible to like
Don't see a W tonight. We need a miracle.
The sea was angry that day my friends...
What a beauty
Incredibly frustrating.
Enjoying Mummers. I'm from Philly. I kind of terrified as they just used Skyrim music....
That's good eatin' mate.
Yeah imagine if he had been as efficient as the beginning of the season. We would have at least 2 more.
Bide your time, keep your eyes open, and build the reputation and relationship needed. The opportunity will come.
Sure dude. Although I’d say my rate at dispensing profound wisdom is lesser than the rate at which I can talk utter BS haha
I heard of people doing that in the dorms freshman year and hadn't thought of it since. People said it worked.
I like it
I was forced into college and I wasted my gpa :(
Ok. Good idea!
Hahaha so I’m no longer going to worry about it then lol
Sorry I forgot you guys beat Pitt. Congrats on your 2 win season.
If this happens in my dream then I will get up and do this.
And now I'm hungry. Thanks.
I don't think playing with her hair would work. Thats just creepy.
as a kpop stan and a army, i am very disappointed
what a psycho
This will be me a year from now. Not fair at all.
I know, right?! I was literally in tears Saturday night 😪 It's only 3 years old!!
They are children, they have no souls. 
I would love a game with either of these two!!! 2nd choice being Caracalla!
That’s what I’m thinking too, so I may just go with the referral after all. Thanks again for the help!
Thanks. I was diagnosed with BP 1 after the hospitalization as well.
Well that makes sense.
So glad I discovered that subreddit a couple months ago. So good...
