Почему в русском реддите так мало людей?
This is a river tram that floats along the Kamenka River passing through the city of Suzdal. In the summer for 600 rubles you can take a refreshing trip.
The Holy Dormition Psko-Pechersky Monastery is one of the largest and most famous men's monasteries in Russia with a long history.
Story of Alexey Rybin , the last bodyguard of Joseph Stalin .
Цикада 3301
Salty Abdu rozik hurts hasbulla's feelings 🥺
Bomb Comrade
Russian summer.
Anyone interested to chat and have videocalls in the future?
AnthonyMi - It's not dream [Official Video] (iphone music video, davinci...
balcony
Argentina's Richmond Lab finished production of 550,000 doses of Sputnik V vaccine
Divnogorye is a hill and a museum-reserve in the Liskinsky district of the Voronezh region of Russia. Photo: pechenina
Зарабатывать деньги с помощью Tube Mastery и монетизации, Мэтт Пар!
Ingushetia
A Message to Russia President Putin from Carol Rosin Secretary Werner von Braun MUST SEE!!!
Somewhere in the courtyard of St. Petersburg discovered a bee "skyscraper"
Stop saying boring ДА in Russian and learn 15 new ways how to say YES in Russian
Sberbank CEO'su German Gref: "Rus ekonomisi, çevreci adımlar nedeniyle 4 trilyon dolar kaybedebilir"
28 missing on plane in Russian Far East
Stills from the most beloved Soviet cartoons (I cannot give links to the video, alas, they were recently removed from YouTube).
"They were beaten! We beat! We will beat! " is a Soviet hand-drawn cartoon. To raise the morale of the soldiers.
Rybinsk State Historical, Architectural and Art Museum-Reserve. Date of construction - 1910. A very nice building. Photo: andrei_pugach
have any of you heard of the Bulgarian dish таратор, and if you have have you eaten it before ? And is it common in Russia
COVID-19 Survey
Samara State Philharmonic (built in 1988), Russia
Just a friendly reminder that Russia is an occupant imperialistic horrible garbage country, have a terrible day.
(Podcast) The Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905: Why did the IJN win over the IRN?
Some interesting places in Russia.
А. Илларионов. Антиукраинский союз Путина и Байдена. Или почему Путин не гей.
Biden and Putin discussed ransomware attacks.
What are the Chukchi-language lyrics of the "Anthem of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug"?
Hand-sketched recreation of a 1623 dated map of Tsardom of Russia, originally created by Henricus Hondius II (1597 - 1651). Description of the territories in the blog (link in the comment section)
советую почитать немного правды что бы понять картину маслом, мира что вокруг вас
🐶 SmolDoge 🐶 🌟Presale on 8th July🌟 🔥Legit Moonshot🔥 Easy x100 | TG live | $SMDOGE 🌟
Content of Educational inequality
Welcome to the Language Cafe! ☕️
Content of Educational inequality - Pastelink.net
Help me find old russian poem for kids
Помощь - студенческий проект (10 мин)
ot sure what this is but I LIKE IT
The SCO and Afghanistan?
Study Medicine in Russia at low costs and without university admission requirements
Old quarries on the banks of the Novinka village in the Leningrad region. Photo: Max029
The only way forward to break the Cultural Gridlock in Ukraine is to create an East and West Ukraine
Does anyone know if we can send and receive packages from Russia right now?
9 Ways to Divide Russia - the 3rd one got me!!
Почему нет
Нож бабочка
Saint Petersburg
Cable-stayed bridge Sochi Urban District, Krasnodar Territory
That time when the U.S. mainstream media was essentially calling for war with Russia.
Siberia
What are good quality reasonable prices wholesale sites for clothes in russia
Just found out that 1 rouble is extremely close in value to 1 rupee.
This is yet another sign of potential easing of tensions between Washington and Moscow.
simple toast
An Interview With Alexander Dugin. The Russian philosopher has been called “the most dangerous man in the world.” What are his true feelings towards the West?
Conor’s son wants to fight Hasbulla Magomedov: Source
Russia’s New Stealth Fighter Jet Spotted Near Moscow
Vitalina Batsarashkina and Artyom Chernousov won the silver medal in the 10m Air Pistol Mixed Team!
Nice balcony in St. Petersburg. Photo: rifovec
The Russian women's volleyball team defeated the USA team and reached the quarter finals of the 2020 Olympics
Sika deer in the Nizhny Novgorod region. Hundreds of years ago there were many deer, but by the 20th century they were all killed by hunters. Nowadays, the number of these beautiful animals is being restored.
The Russian alphabet! - Русский алфавит!
Arakul Shikhan, Chelyabinsk Oblast
Fishing in the village of Kyn-Zavod, Perm Territory
Hello, Human!
An Italian in Russia
in Russian think ...
One of the many beautiful waterfalls around the Black Sea. This one took a two-hour hike up the riverbed to reach. Polkovnich`i Vodopad near Djugba.
Yesterday on a Moscow bus. Photo: Djlightside
Russia just won men’s gymnastics team gold. Congrats!
Actual caricature
The most monumental hydropower plants built in Soviet times
After a suspected engine failure, a Belavia 737 is diverted to Moscow.
A group of children engaged in the construction of a model rocket. USSR, 1965.
Music in Russian.
Hi all
Psychology of Perception